The model that innovates the industry is established. 
The person who is the executive chief officer in IM that is United States believes that the employee each it is capable for that he innovates, the executive chief officer formulates countermeasure strategy for innovating and after that the company that competes with it invents the machine that washes that loads front. 
The fund for the innovative that amounts to at most 1,000 dollar that is United States first is established. 
100 concepts the innovative (2) are chosen for encouraging the employee to he researches, he develops and he works or their spare time. 
50 things that submits to the committee the assessment for that it assesses it (3) are picked out from them. 
The point that starts the standard constructing in the mainland is the building should preserve its basic frame of the thing by is collapsing it since Tangshan if the earthquake of the same its magnitude magnitude. 
But most of the buildings that is within the building in this area that hits hard do not meet this thing the requirement and to collapse the school building that spreads wide arouses to disgust the public intense particular. 
To raise about the standard to in excess of 8.00 of Tangshan leaves that the authority has some the space breathing for the explanation and it alleviates to anger the public. 
The information that numerous the channels leak says that we can say that CCP knows to risk the earthquake serious in Ngawa before to strike the earthquake already well certainly. 
Anyway to accumulate considerable of the experience in to predict for 1 month and to predict the area of the province in China and overseas that the forecast standard the current does not predict the time the earthquake, the place that it, it is strong and exact accurate for we. 
To warn the public and to spread the awareness about prevents the disaster can reduce the casualty in the region that to risk the earthquake is high for great it. This duty of very the minimum that any responsible government undertakes the recommendation. 
Anyway it does the nothing non only, it responds to the thing that the public queries it pulls some the whopping thing the lie in out and it plays the syntax game the word for example, the geology disaster and the earthquake disaster and this thing the occasion that CCP does the thing a lot of this sort the past. 
I think that we can judge the extent that the damage and the destruction in the zone of the earthquake disaster with the broad if my governmental organization Earthquake Administration can simulate the big earthquake in this earthquake belt that is Longmenshan beforehandly when it measures the quake to 7.80 that day that means May 12. 
Should conform all circumstances for example, to block the road the debris, to rain heavily obstructs to drop the parachute, outage powering and outage communicating to the expectation if designs the program for the simulation well. 
Plans that the headquarters that is Liberation Army plans of the emergency contingency that all soldiers rush to Wenchuan straight and to do not send the troop up Beichuan,  Qingchuan,  Longnan in Gansu and that hits bad immediately causes in this instance obvious contingency that does not design by is assuming the earthquake of the thing that conditions instead of. Considers the full extent the disaster area late 24 hour only. 
To break down the communication brings the serious problem the surface also. The regiment of Red Army can maintain that it contacts its central headquarters by it is relying on just 1 of the radio that batters the past. Anyway that the person does not have the way that deals with that the communication fails this thing the occasion. 
To do not construct the thing that prepares prior to the event that bases on to simulate the earthquake disaster is clear. 
It faces the disaster victim of the broad base with the sudden and it deals with it direct but to shall command to relieve the disaster that leads overall. 
Between 2 things lacks the intermediate layer of the organization, the unit and of the party or between fall short it serious results in that it does not consider the major issue if has endless of the minor issue in the hand that capable does not last for that capable is long even if that it is capable even high that that numerous the petty things drags capable down the down causes. 
Does not imagine this Great Tangshan Earthquake. The branch of the primary of the party, the enterprise and the public institution perform such petty thing for example, deals with the average person direct no person the voluntary or no mental worker. 
The organization grass roots contacts the person who is in it, the average person contacts their system or their department also, as soon as the earthquake and interdependently. 
Is forgotten Great Tangshan Earthquake before now few 1 year the reform, to open up and subsequent altogether because everyone acts for making very outstanding is make-an-effort to the rescue and it succeeds by the organization of the high level is leading the centralization. 
The problem about the society or the problem about the politics does not leave, sequela that causes the headache for the generation late does not leave and then is obvious. 
Strikes the earthquake that is big such the time the prosperity the happiness with the sudden. 
Many the persons die, to destroy much of the property and it is the great quite clear disaster. 
But it lacks the beneficial total and I believe that it benefits that is great with it serves on that it strips of the false benevolence that composes the outer skin of the elitist, the politician and the capitalist and it exposes the cannibal core that rots the inside and once and for all. 
That many the persons the delusion comes that he senses benefits additional. 
To lay this abstract thing on the aside for temporary, to avoid to speak long and few the details that embarrasses the elitist, the politician and the capitalist high only. 
The expert person finishes that he says the foolish idea is you sacrifice you to that you helps other when the leader has no thing the choice that excepts that he calls for to devote selfless that is again once justly. 
This mere chicanery for must flash the idea before that he engages in that he behaves of this sort for example, he saves the life and he donates to the charity via the mind of the person. 
I is foolish if I do this. 
The probable is the first idea that pops to the mind when the person sees that that private firm that manufactures the tent in Jiangsu and Zhejiang works on that it produces more the tents overtime in CCTV that it fears is this capitalist strikes bigly this time. 
This capitalist gets the big form for the order instead of that that capitalist gets it that what? and to do not involve anything fishy is sure. 
Is talked about to file the complaint against Xinghui Travel Agency this process again. 
That they should fulfill the mandatory thing that means that they drives for the person to Sydney from Canberra to the back still even if that we owes his hour fee them even causes that we files the complaint. 
That Xinghui does not have the way that it wins the lawsuit if sue goes to the court is sure as long as sticks we to this issue. 
But that the attitude of the union of the student about appeals this surprises me great. they is very reluctant about they publicize the contract seems. 
They lie even and they say that they and Xinghui feels that that they signs the contract with it makes that and feels that and resembles the stranger rather the initial that that and does it with motherland causes. 
You know to do not work the logic of this type in Australia absolute. 
Xinghui accepts this thing that we order and it deploys all buses of other travel agency in Sydney. 
That they does not deploy them is sure with no thing that guarantees from the contract that they sign with us. 
Very suspicious is something else. 
I hear very the government is serious for this matter and it agrees that it allocates the thing that it funds compensate to that it compensates for it the user the study their money on that night instead of with the prompt from the person who is in the consulate who he is my friend. 
That I goes back for checking out the relay the torch on yesterday afternoon but to do not see the even flame and the guy let alone that carries it practical. 
So many of the person is in there that causes to frighten. Some the person climbs onto the roof of buses even. 
That I heads for center activity straight but to control about the traffic that is in fact actual on early 4:00:00 a.m. and they start to limit the crowd that enters center sport already. 
Insane is some the guy really meaning to band it together in the group and it yells that China goes. 
I have some classmate other there actual and I call classmate. 
I guess to overload the capacity carrying of the tower of the base station total and I do not get through at all. That I can find the signal only but no chance that I connects with the internet. 
That only 1 of I calls in the phone there that means that I calls the home gets through. 
I look at to register that I calls and to connect that only 1 of calls that is within that multiple calls of 12 that dials properly. 
It goes back to the home straight for watching it sometime after 6:00:00 a.m.. The spectacle in the television astonishes the similarity that excepts just 1 of it is the angle about the thing for the whole. 
I do not partake of the activity of this kind next time. 
That Wang Shi experiences that the public condemns him underscores the tense relation the rich class of the society that is China its poor class the certain extent. 
To widen the wealth gap that is between the elite the successful 1,300,000,000 persons who remains when China grows that it prospers every 1 day causes. 
The person has all same basic the income now incomes that is meager possible-01 30 year of before now. 
But that Hurun Report shows the number that the number of billionaire dollars in it exceeds only of billionaire 106 of the dollar that is United States in China by 2007 that totals. 
Wang Shi says that this thing the response effects him now. 
He admits that he is sensitive for the situation the current when he writes blog his enough. 
Wang Shi notes to do not avoid that the rich person hates the growth that that China does not establish the sound system for insuring the society security yet the current causes additional. 
Wanke announces that it donates over yuan renminbi 100,000,000 additional for to resettle for temporary and to reconstruct after the disaster after now between 3 year and 5 year on Tuesday. 
Also player Yao Ming that hails as the nation hero that that he succeeds in that he establishes himself in NBA causes the basketball blames after that he announces that he donates over yuan renminbi 2,000,000 because to rumor in the internet alleges that he donates over 1,000,000 dollar that is U.S. for relieving Hurricane Katrina on 2005. 
Anyway that to behave donating and to treat behave should deviate from 2 principles that means to behave is voluntary and to do not behave seeks the return. Have condition that the donation loses the original thing the meaning. 
They all that McDonald's or the enterprise that owns foreign that is other any that blacklists in the thing that calls the iron international rooster so in China is within gives to the cause about helps the disaster victim that or exhibits that or is responsible society by or is being generous for it that is in fact actual. 
To do not besiege it, to do not subject it to the verbal violence in the arena that the public opines or even if that some the company does not donate to the huge amount real with the comparatively. 
It does not donate the company legal after all. Should form means the coercive any other from to urge the business to that it donates that excepts from the force to consider moral. 
The thing that it pays the compulsory with the outside the mandatory thing is stolen from it kind as long as the thing that the company source the income is legal. 
Should respect the legal order and the right that the law bestows although is in the not normal circumstance for example, relieves the disaster. 
We preserve the nobility of the humanity and the dignity of the humanity, to do not turn we the rabble, if not we are fortunate for that we does not avoid that we becomes the disaster victim enough and at-least. 
To sue that Hai Ming proposes does not have the clear subject about the right the act. It does not satisfy the thing that requires for libelling legal. 
For example. 
Does not establish the malice intent Cafferty either. Important is he does not offer anything about the thing that establishes to damage 1,300,000,000 persons that is China. 
That he complains says that the person that is China expresses to displease he already by he is demonstrating. 
It is the free the speaking country here. 
The court supports the only actual sufferer that does not have other way that he seeks the justice to damage he about the issue to libel. 
Is caused that very that the government, the politician and the public figure gets to protect and from the issue to libel legal is hard. 
That they is capable for that they clears them of to smear they causes. 
Does not mean the lawsuit if you clear your reputation by you are protesting legal that for example already. No goon, no thug and is the person that is China. 
Remember that to sue for to libel is for to clear the name your, to compensate you and only. 
Many the persons advocate to use the force for uniting Taiwan after that Lee Teng-hui puts out the theory Two States Theory because the machine for the propaganda of CCP deceives the country man in the mainland. 
That they does not understand the situation in Taiwan and the will of the country person whatsoever causes. 
They exhibit the sentiment of the extreme nationalism universal. 
Resembles to fuse the beloved the hatred to the nationalism war sentiment that erupts after that US bombs the embassy of China the mistake it just. 
They do not understand the real story in Kosovo the similarity. 
But that the person that is Hong Kong realizes Republic of China the first and New China comes after it only. 
But that CCP dreams up this thing Two States Separatist Theory pure with the simple. 
Lee Teng-hui does the nothing that excepts that he brings the phenomenon that exists already the light. 
The old grand man who is in CCP who hands the huge chunk of the land in Manchuria in to the north of Amur Soviet Russia with the platter of the silver who gives away the land that equals 10 percent of the nation territory the north of Mongolia does not take it and it into the back that what? instead of that he insists on that he tries to that he grabs Taiwan that remains under the hand of the person that is China back. 
But that the theory Two States Theory does not trigger that it attaches him to Old China sentiment with the way although the person that is Hong Kong grumbles. 
I believe that my build industry here reaches this level not yet. 
The law does not reach this level yet and that the average person understands does not reach it general. 
Too lenient frequent with the accident or the design he is some the official deals with the property agent that to consider the local economy causes. 
We all sees that it damages that Wenchuan Earthquake wreaks. 
The verdict is drawn when the end about the thing the thing that is within this that the natural disaster results and the thing the thing that is within this that the calamity that the man makes results. 
Rigorous is checks the quality in the space industry extreme, the part each undergoes several of the process the inspection and to make-an-effort to to ensure safe absolute every appears. 
But the accident of the space ship occasional still. 
Such advanced the technology even nation for example, US experiences several of the instance that to launch to fly in the space or to fly returns fails. 
To guarantee the life of the person is harder because the thing for example, the thing in the space industry can go that it is wrong still even when to subject it to to inspect that is rigorous incredible even because my property industry the current is dark and to corrupt it. 
Tiny is the life of the person equal becomes when strikes the powerful earthquake real. 
It makes that one trembles by one is fearing even. 
Anyway to follow the compatriot struggles to that it is out for the debris, it wipes its tear and it buries the body of the family that it is the member Great Wenchuan Earthquake this time it braces itself again up and it declares to do not beat it to the down, it stands itself on its foot again, the earthquake does not shake the staunch will of the people that is China and the trial and tribulate serve on that and revitalizes the nation only to the world. 
This enables to that we sees that the spirit the fight of the nation that does not daunt that is China gives off to radiate that dazzles among the person in the area that the disaster hits us. 
So much of, that the compatriot that goes through the disaster speaks about this word comforts we that helps my tear possible when we see its mishap and to speak encourages us. Hints that the force does not beat the people that is China to the down. 
But that the word reappears somewhere else from someone non usual late that I think for few 1 day. I feel scary it somewhat that some reason that I do not know causes. 
I want that I says that I wishes not more of the disaster in it that it is safe, the sound, is it and from now and the disaster is in away from China far causes just. 
I pray for he opens his eye and he does not let that the disaster visits with the land of China again to God. 
We do not want that we revitalizes the nation with the trial and tribulate. 
But that we wants that we revitalizes the nation by we are passing my day with it is safe and the sound. 
1 important reason is he is full for hopeful and he believes that PLA comes for rescuing he firm that saves the great number of the person who buries the debris, it of the person who traps in it or in the area that Wenchuan Earthquake hits bury or trap. 
Multiple the tent of 1,000 that stretches the multiple 1 mile that contains the public toilet, the shop, the primary school and the middle school is set up soon for settling the victim. 
That between the multiple 10,000 and the even multiple 1,000,000 person who the disaster displaces has the home for sheltering he the wind and to rain gradually. 
The government should set up the tent if puts everything on the market that causes to sell all lands to the syndicate or the owner the farm. 
Expropriate they the land on the spot? 
The even government can override the market. 
That that we supports the area that the disaster hits tests that we is competent but to try to that the government is capable for that it rules also. 
The worker, the farmer and that founds the rule show to support the government staunchly the critical moment. 
The government has the amr-unknown power if markets everything that causes the market controls about the fate of the worker and the fate of the farmer and and does not count on it, and does not rely on it, by and is walking to the path that finds the market that calls with so instead of to find the mayor who means it or no longer. 
Hyperinflation after the catastrophe that foreign expects does not come either. 
The government controls about the human capital, the finance capital, the energy and the resource. 
For example. 
You sing the song when you have the wine and you seize the day that that the life is short causes. Some person thinks we satisfied us and we died the contemporary. 
Some person goes on the road to so far that he does not know the thing that he eats or he plays. 
Other takes the nude picture and other flaunts it in online. 
For example another. 
Zhou Li distinguishes to order the hierarchy and the nobility by he is constructing the structure that organizes the society that resembles the pyramid anciently. 
Son of Heaven wears the clothes that differs from the clothes that other wears. Color doors, the numbers of the caldrons that uses to the meal and all symbolize for distinguishing the hierarchy of the person and their nobility. 
Is aimed to settle the disputable, to stop the fight and to stabilize the society. 
But that it establishes the system that values the life that conforms to the office level that triggers the contention contrary that destabilize the society that contrary also simultaneously. 
But to carry on with the system of the value always that regardless the thing that changes the dynasty. 
To distinguish the high thing the ranking, the low thing the ranking or the dynasty Qing Dynasty with the bird pattern, the animal pattern and in the clothes, Taiping Heavenly Kingdom uses the size of the sedan chair and color its to that and symbolizes for distinguishing the thing the ranking the different, the modern persons use the displacement of the motor vehicle to that it symbolizes for distinguishing the position the different, that traces to the same origin possible and all. 
Anyway that I despises the thing that he talks, the thing that he acts and the whole of this thing the strength that I does not care for the thing the thing that Wang Shi wastes every that he climbs the mountain. 
He suggests to shall burden the business the charity that causes that he stipulates that the thing that the employee his company donates should exceed yuan 10 after that he donates. 
Absurd total is the logic. wang Shi reasons that to burden the business that it donates to the charity can cause that it the company fails to that it competes in the market. 
But that we can see that the philanthropist for example, Bill Gates,  Li Ka-shing and Jackie Chan does not affect to grow its enterprise with any way. They increase competitiveness of his company actual instead of. 
Some netizen hits the issue that Wang Shi donates by that netizen admonishes us for that we forces to the donation that to ground moral causes to the back. 
Exact. The excellent justification. 
What does that he prevents the employee that he donates over more than yuan 10 behave if you say that that netizen rebukes Wang Shi forces to the donation? 
The economy version is Wang Shi of the animal that bloods cold and we do not care. 
But that Wang Shi wants that he restricts the thing that the employee does or the thing that he does not that to ground moral causes that what? 
The real case that one rule for some but the rule another for everyone else! 
We see that the government China accepts up to yuan country 6,000,000,000 the quantity that that donates for relieving the disaster that yuan 4,800,000,000 from the domestic donor is within on May 17 in domestic and the international. 
We can see the thing that names the donor each, their figure, mere and that lists in the thing that resembles the honor roll with the constant now. 
But that we does not have the information about the whereabouts that it and the thing that uses the thing the fund the donation specific that details not fortunate. 
To appropriate the thing that funds to relieve the disaster, to exhaust it, expropriate it, to embezzle it, often and because the corruption prevails among the local government long and transparent enough is audits economy. 
Is caused that to damage politics, to lower the image of the government it in domestic and the international and the result negates the positive image that that it make-an-effort to relieve brings complete he embezzles the amount the thing that the person, the world and China fund to relieve the disaster that is huge such or partially the local official transfers it otherwise. 
Put pushes the price local into that it is higher if puts the thing the donation on the hand of the person who the disaster hits direct that drives the high already inflation the direction that regulates hard. 
That to forecast the earthquake in my country is in the advanced than the world level. 
But that the glory of the earthquake worker does not produce the good luck for the spirit from Wenchuan the department. 
Is caused that we hears that the expert figure emphasizes that no one can solve that to forecast the earthquake challenges globe so far to us that is again once from it again. 
Is caused that we comes that we realizes the condition, the capital that uses to to apply the fund, to evaluate the professional title and to seek the remuneration, is the laurel that the rate that reaches almost 40 percent already that succeeds in to predict the earthquake that impends causes academia, just and instead of the hard rationale that uses to to reduce to shed the blood and the dead is it. 
We should offer that we understands full the earthquake worker. 
Not the humankind is significant really if it faces the caprice of the nature. 
We do not look that anyone promises to us any although increases that we senses the security that aligns with to achieve to advance the seismology significant per 1 day the quantity that the passage. 
To doom someone to that someone bears this bloody weight of does not avoid the disaster that the earthquake causes effective when someone promises causes. 
He can avoid to censure he actual by he is promising any. 
The predictive causes. 
But that it does not manufacture the ant the alive that the human can manufacture the powerful than the ant tank. 
Does not compare its complexity level with the thing that section the nerve of the toad despite the thing that the instrument that the human manufactures is advanced. 
Do not regard to predict the earthquake as the practical skill. But to regard it as to work academia of the study. 
Do not notice the real thing the result about to prevent the earthquake or to minimize the disaster. But to pursue the level that embodies the rate that succeeds in the predictive that researches science rather singlemindedly. 
Is entangled that too many of disputes that relates to the power and the interest when warns the major disaster. 
To confine the direction that researches to prevent it and to minimize the disaster to to research the earthquake phenomenon just but to neglect to make-an-effort to to intervene in to construct in urban, to formulate the build standard and to supervise it and to perfect the mechanism for rescuing from the disaster and other aspect and to improve and. 
We become abreast the foreign country with the blind about researches the earthquake even also. We do not believe to raise the being the alive as the part of the nature. We believe the instrument that we manufacture just. 
We do not believe that it warns that the nature sends up out. We believe that it warns that the instrument emits in the laboratory just. 
We do not believe the thing that multiple the ordinary person of 1,000,000 sees with his eye that he hears. We believe the authority thing that the expert person and the scholar conclude just. 
The seismology that is China gallops down the wrong road to the down. 
Anyway that the estate phenomenon exists in its sector every 1 only thing of the nation economy is the realty estate. 
The collective enterprise and the enterprise that the state owns fail, to bankrupt and, with the swift and with the large scale proves this. 
The thing reaches the step that it must set up the stage that the military singer of the country, the celebrity top of the line from all walks about the life and the singer of the high class sing the folk for example, Wang Shi for the donation the television station of the nation. 
Too that the folk for example, Wang Shi says something not pleasant should bother us. 
The general the defeat does not claim brave he. 
The person the defeat is all persons who is in the governmental organization State Council if he is in in front of the folk for example, Wang Shi the general. 
That the folk for example, Wang Shi beats the army that misses if the action that builds New China that results in that it becomes the pulp causes. The flood, SARS,  the snow storm, to freeze big, etc and even if no earthquake in China. 
The land is China many the catastrophes. This is true always. 
That one relies on one sings for the thing the donation and one entertains for the supper of one does not solve the problem. 
To ask to the television nation station gets to there to out and it carries the nation flag, to carry on with to resemble this for the country and the time, the time and again is outrageous and it is the problem of the governmental organization State Council. 
To foresee to prepare always inspires the nation anthem is all persons have 1 mind and to design it to the advance, the advance, the advance and the entrance instead of to design it to to beg the repetition, to plead from the thing the donation and to raise the thing the fund. 
Everyone from the leader to the common person must remember that. 
We find that the first entrepreneur is born to it when we go back to AD. 
To establish the company of the liability the limit on very AD causes. Convinces pope that is Catholicism the time on such. 
Do you fear that you goes to the hell when you die? 
You fear. How do you go that that you fears causes just? 
You donate over your property to Church, you show that you is loyal for God him and that you do not go to the hell. 
So that the rich person a lot donates over their money to Church before that he dies. 
The thing that is within 60 percent pf the territory of Britain belongs with Church by AD. 
But not he is capable for that his clergyman manages about it and not he is capable for that he passes on it to next generation. They can do. 
So that they sets up the modern company of the liability the limit. 
How do they set up it? 
They hire the professional manager to that he runs this enterprise of Church. 
The administrator is this professional manager. 
The proprietor is unknown of this company. 
The Church. 
So what does that this confirm? 
Steps to to separate the right the administration from the ownership first. 
That this great system does not cause but that to do not avoid this in the enterprise of Church causes. 
What? 
That this writer researches the sign the precursory for many 1 year says 2 issues the sign the precursory exists and to predict the earthquake the connection that differentiates mutually. 
Does not mean that the sign the precursory appears that it can forecast 3 elements of the earthquake accurately because complicates it extreme. 
The thing that categorizes the sign that precedes the earthquake of the type the different in the place the different, it is broad, to distribute it ranges and it lasts differs certain. 
This writer divides the earthquake into 2 major types that means the strike type and the slip type in Regional Nature of Precursory Signs of Earthquakes that the thing that the sign before the earthquake is characteristic overall says. 
The former event in the area that that the internal fault block or the fault line converges but that or does not intersect but the event that is latter in the fault line the activity. 
The earthquake of the strike type has the sign that precedes it of the various type that spreads wide for long that varies quite. 
The thing the precursory of few of the type that has the period of the short duration that distributes that ranges small that changes that ranges small signals the earthquake of the slip type. 
Is expected at most 7 or 8 the earthquake in Chengdu in over kilometer 100 of epicenter. 
No problem about the safety for the building of the class A for example, the building in the airport, the hospital and the school that designs to that it withstands the intensity that is 8. 
So to shall use most of the buildings that is within the building in Chengdu after to assess it emergency still and the citizen may go to the home with the reassurance. 
Should conduct to investigate the project that builds jerry if not so. 
Have condition to spend on to provide the protective about the large money sum that protect fails to to work protect when the earthquake comes. 
Causes the nobody dares that it lives the home, it can use the hospital or it accesses the airport. Does throw the money for the nothing? 
The probable is some says to enact the build nation criterion about resists the earthquake the recent year and the building that is old can comply with the thing the requirement. 
But that it requires to reinforce all buildings the existence that does not satisfy it, to remove the danger and timely of it when the government enacts the criterion about resists the earthquake. 
Is caused that one does not shirk the responsible one thing the excuse one it is the old building. 
The government has the criterion about to resist the earthquake, to prevent it and for the rural building also. 
The earthquake in Sichuan stuns everyone. 
To collapse the building of the elementary school and to bury the child the rubble. 
To collapse the building of the middle school and to bury the young student under the wall that crumbles. 
To collapse the kindergarten building also and the frail body of the little child falls to next to the wall that crumbles that it closes its innocent eye for forever helplessly. 
We do not help that we cries that this scene that sorrows causes. 
The flower of motherland my, the future of motherland and is the child. 
This flower of the life dies early because the natural disaster. 
To do not predict the natural disaster but to shall collapse the school building. 
That the building the behind the school building is in there that what? still but to collapse the school building that the child studies to range from the first floor to the fourth floor and it leaves the only wall that crumbles. 
That it should depart that resembles this to the child. 
The governmental organization People's Congress of all level that ranges from the local government to the governmental organization Central Government is held per 1 year. 
Please, the person who is the deputy in the governmental organization People's Congress inspect the school building in all areas all around, he inspect does that the school building in its constituency meet the local standard that resists the earthquake? , he propose quick that conforms to the problem the existence then and he push the level each of the government to that it completes the thing that it rectifies and the thing that it improves after and up to the time the limit. 
Should propose that the governmental organization National People's Congress legislates to construct the school building special. 
The special legal procedure about to design the school building, its material, to construct it, to complete it and to inspect it for ensuring to give the top priority to the quality and the durable is needed. 
The sacred bounden duty of the governmental organization People's Congress is it allows that all children studies with the safety. 
Is revived Mao Zedong 83 year old after that he suffers from infarction myocardium on June 1976 already. 
Standing Committee of Political Bureau of CCP establishes the special team the treatment that charges with to treat he medicine and his medicine care for getting the effective care for his condition. 
Political Bureau assigns to task to that he cares for Mao Zedong medicine by he is taking the turn with the doctor and the person the nursing for the constant vigil in their quarter living to the person specifically also. 
The person on the duty the day that Tangshan Earthquake that means July 28 in their quarter is Wang Dongxing,  Wang Hongwen and Zhang Yufeng who is the confidence secretary in Mao Zedong. 
Is started that the ground of Zhongnanhai shudders with the sudden the early hour of the morning when the hand of the clock points toward 3:42:00 a.m.
To rattle the window of the glass of the door of the foyer by is controlling about it, to bang from below that resembles the tractor that starts up that causes to shake their bed about sick by is stopping it huge and in the location that Mao Zedong resides. 
The employees, the persons whom staffs medicine, around him and all are tense high, and maintains silent is the thing that surrounds and the atmosphere extreme and convalesce Mao Zedong. 
Can hear the thing that whispers the normal time that excepts the talk, the noise of the medicine instrument and when the doctor revives him. 
The enterprise engineering that the state owns stops that it recruits the worker the construction after 1,990 s. 
But that that they stops that they hires the person the person the graduation the profession diploma from the polytechnic school, the technology college and the university is those all persons who they take in despite say. These all persons whom staffs go to the management. 
Anyway that he cooperate with some the unit of the worker the migratory that means the familiar gang the contraction already that that he does not cope with to task project of the large volume causes that the formal employee this enterprise has the complete team the work for example, the team that lays the thing that bricks, the team that works the wood, the team that reinforces the steel and the team that maintains the machinery early 1,990 s still. 
The tradition collides with the reality. 
The unit the work gets old, to break up it and with the increasingly because the formal unit the work takes on the young employee no longer. 
Some that means few extreme of the person whom staffs enters the management. 
Few the exceptional leaders the team formerly become the manager the project gradually. 
Other person becomes the material officer, the officer about the safety, the officer that controls about the quality and etc. 
That person without the connection becomes the person who monitors the site constructing who resembles the person who guards the security today whom staffs. 
The worker forms the complete team the operational no longer. 
The unit of the migrant the work gains the opportunity for developing it and this time. 
The gang the contraction carries out to work on to operate in on site entire. 
The unit the work is disbanded. 
The status of this worker is changed also. 
The mentality the corruption that needs to treat to the dinner and to gift for getting to do the thing is rooted in the mind of the person from all societies walk deep. 
The force that rules over this society is the bureaucrat that wields the power, the scholar, the technician or that corners the market in the field of or and the capitalist that has the vast wealth, and profits from the corruption and in the case the corruption each. 
The powerless public the work that does not access the resource of the information technology pennyless loses out because the corruption. 
The society today is corrupted the direction every that to reinstate to own private and to scrap to supervise the era who is Mao Zedong public causes direct. 
Everybody tramples other person in the society privatize because everybody tries to that everybody maximizes the interest of everybody. 
The doctor that does not receive the red envelope does not motivate to that it cures the patient it properly. 
The teacher asks to that the student gifts with him him open. 
The person who is in the gang that he leads the ring uses the cash to that he has that the media makes out him like the hero. 
To team up the capitalist that tries to that it annexes the property that the state owns with the scholar, it demonstrates that the monopoly that the state owns causes the corruption academia and it reaps the profit then. 
Concerns the public that the mainstream media guides with to corrupt the administration and the judiciary only frequent. Types this the corruption. 
Does value that prices the commodity at the base worth to talk about it thing? 
Does value the commodity true? 
This non certain element already. 
More is less about the thing. Sell the thing that you sell that you want as long as somebody buys. 
One does not act as that way in the country that is socialism in fact. 
No system, no legal thing that provisions and since the reform ever, no last word about the number of the multiples that profits cost, percent that it or the allowance and about profits from the commodity. 
The natural economy of China that suffices it has the advantage. It does not try to that it reaps the large profit from its people at-least. 
The case the opposite exact thing now. 
The home appliance is priced at same always despite you are the person that is China or you are foreign, the region category that you fit in, you are in the big city or you are in the small city and you are the person or you are the peasant. 
No principle of socialism is to do not know the profit there and to do not care for the person who affords it possible and the person who affords it possible seems. 
The problem is keeps the production if the country does not wipe out the agriculture tax and it does not offer the subsidy about the grain of the farmer and the rural thing the production. 
The government sets the thing for improving the standard living of the person for that prices the grain is same despite to sell it to the big city or to sell it to the rich person always. 
Very difficult is tries to the comfortable life in the area the struggle if the ratio of this kind exists. 
This issue should attract that the economist attends to it close. 
Mao Zedong has their eighty-second birthday that means their -1 birthday on December 26, 1975. 
Mao Zedong feels old is him and he dies soon when turns he 80 year apparently. 
So that Mao Zedong talks about the alive and the dead always around their birthday few 1 year that occasional. 
He says that you goes when ages you 73 year and 84 year even if that King of Hell does not call you often. 
More and more of the person attends to the birthday of Mao Zedong since to turn he 80 year also. 
Does not dare the person that he celebrates his birthday public in the country that he celebrates quiet the home. 
To do not dare it that the local government presents the thing that gifts Mao Zedong but that it conveys that it blesses to him with the various way. 
Hunan that is hometown of Mao Zedong sends the thing for example, the noodle that lives long specially every 1 year every December 26 before that he passes away for the multiple 1 year. 
So that Mao Zedong accepts this with the pleasure that is not quite usual. 
That you bargains with Microsoft disillusions you great sure despite its status as the company that leads of the high tech that endows finance in the globe. 
The dictionary of Microsoft does not contain \"generous\" ever. 
So that very not the person who resembles Jerry Yang is realistic when he hopes for that he can bump the price that Microsoft purchases up by he is bargaining. 
That Microsoft raises about that it prices by so the slight represents that it concedes big that proves that it wants that it gets its hand to Yahoo real already. 
The thing the decision is Microsoft chooses that it gives up on it ultimate that very pains it obvious. 
Acquires super this that lacks the bite when starts right. Does not revolutionize the framework of the internet true simple despite huge is the number even if to succeed in the acquisition. 
But that quite fall-through disappoints when the acquisition falls through. 
To give up on the acquisition resembles to play that stops abruptly through play for halfway for we that observes globe that watches the scene that bustles, no chance that we watches the rest of have-fun ever and to do not fall short to transform theater indeed. 
We return to my mundane life, we wait for that this industry that destroys the passion the increasingly comes up with next note affair and we. 
Anyway to continue to improve that he is ill and ill declines that Zhou Jin goes to Yongzhou in Hunan,  Hebei,  Xiamen,  Beijing,  Guangzhou and more for taking the daughter him into the hospital since last September by and is succeeding. 
The worker Zhou Jin in Shenzhen takes the daughter him into the hospital Shemzhen Children's Hospital for to examine he and to treat he on this September. 
The examination results in to infect the upper rectum severe and to expand the right kidney. Does not find the kidney stone that finds when treats previous hospital this time. 
Zhou Jin says that the daughter him over 2 year little this year old eats the milk Sanlu that powders for over 1 year. The family that is the member takes his daughter into the hospital of Yongzhou for examining he on last September after that feces that bloody appears. The doctor informs them no good method the treatment and they have that she drinks more the waters just. 
Zhou Jin asks to that it issues the certificate for transferring he to the hospital another the county hospital because he worries about that the daughter him is ill. 
Medical Administration Department of the hospital tells to issue the certificate for transferring to the hospital another requires that the governmental organization Ministry of Health approves it and to need more than 1 month Zhou Jin. 
That I goes on that I finds the department about healthy that have-relevance the repetition but that they passes the case me to the back and forth. i is helpless and I can take the daughter I into Xiamen that I work for carrying out to treat he only. 
Must suffer from to pain this. 
The doctor the charge tells to do not endanger the kid if it can urinate just us. 
Difficult is gets that he urinates. 
This urine is valued than the gold. 
He does not pee in the hospital for 2 day, 3 day or first at all. 
We all despairs that time. 
The hospital arranges that he undergoes the surgery he dialysis already. 
The person the satisfaction who he is my son urinates the final. 
To do not endanger at last but to trouble 1 passes and to replace trouble with to trouble another, to come down with the acute diarrhea and the fever, stool he several 12 time per 1 day and you can imagine that he suffers. 
He dances that he circles around Grim Reaper justly and he encounters this problem in addition to that. That he does not pull through worries me really. 
I do not know to treat the injection in the hospital and they inject into him and the nothing stops it. 
The diarrhea of the kid is better, the doctor gets that it does to sound it and after to treat it for few 1 day more. 
The medicine washes the kidney stone to out. Not more of the stone in his kidney. 
Very expensive is the hospitalization, the family that we are the member does not afford hospitalize and that we leave the hospital, we go to the home and we. 
He passes the sediment stone on night by oneself. 
To excite the whole family really and we all thinks he is better and to cure he. 
To inject into over 200 pupils in the school of the fifteenth primary in Urumqi that is Han, to involve the student from it that is Uyghur actual and it shocks. 
To inject into 2 persons, to send he to the hospital, on alone September 1 and in enters Longyuan Supermarket in Friendship Road of Urumqi. 
Pull up just the bus 106 Gaojiazhuang the stop when injects into several of the person, anyway to detain he soon after that the bystander chases him the assailant that is Uyghur jumps the bus, he flees and soon, the same day and in Shuimogou. 
The bus 920 and many other buses experience the number of the case to poison the syringe also. 
To explode the bus 17 near Xibei Road on August 31 but to bomb the bus 14 on it. 
Anyway to block all news. 
But that the person who witnesses spreads the news about deteriorates to secure Urumqi extreme over the outside world with to telephone short of after. 
Ironic is the president Hu Jintao visits with Xinjiang that he tours for the inspection late August justly. That very does not settle the situation in Urumqi when he returns to Beijing but the terrorist that is Uyghur becomes rampant and to increase the number of the attacks and the bombing instead of to decrease it. 
That not the government Xinjiang is competent makes troublesome extreme is the governmental organization Central. 
I do not know the thing that the person should cry, to lose my heart and to listen to Yesterday Once More from the band The Carpenters and to see the photograph album the photo that shows the collage of the compatriot that receives the thing the award. 
Do they sing Yesterday Once More still after so many 1 year? 
I say that he let that I fills in the melody in my heart some the word now right to the dear friend I dear. 
Do not worry because that not I bloods cold but that the part of my heart bloods that cold. 
I think motherland dear my won the gold medal, the champion that wins the thing that it totals grand is motherland and if holds Olympic Games that takes that that the industry pollutes damages the mankind as the theme. I do not know the thing that runs the ceremony opening, the thing that should recruit the person the voluntary or the song that sings lustily the recommendation just. 
That to title the sick man of East Asia goes far once to away from that follows that the revolution courses that brims with the victory but that I feels that they whistles to the back with this new brand attitude of fast of high of strong after that I sees this group of the photo. 
That I does not dare the expectation differs. How have we to destroy the opium with upholds the thing that interests the country with the life of one in Humen again? 
That we and motherland my does not depart from this pollution the shock causes. We improve, we adjust, we hope vaguely and just. 
The person the sacrifice uses their life to that he paves the road for that the group another of the person succeeds by he is choosing. 
Anyway that the person who is within it that is all by no means believes true that multiple the city youth of 10,000 heads for the countryside that time. 
To pressure some to that some shows the revolution zeal of some but that other goes that no job in the city causes. 
Poor is the countryside and backward is it appall and most of the youths the educational become to disillusion it. 
The intensity of Cultural Revolution wanes the middle 1,970 s and the youth returns to the city one after one or it goes on that it studies in the university but no exam for getting to it, to get depends on your politics background and you behave and it. 
Jianguo is not within this. He works for 7 year the rural part of Inner Mongolia, he becomes that he heads the village and very he is popular for the local person. 
He is dab hand about works on the field and to can match he with the local person about drinks the spirit. 
To marry he the person from Beijing who he is my friend old in the school, he stays in the behind he and he and him live the little life of and in the country with together. 
Honest he and kind he, their generous personality wins the friendship, the affection and its and although does not interest the villager in the various kind of the revolutionary practice that it adopts that he makes that Jianguo tries. 
The movement the student is begun in Tiananmen after that Jianguo returns to Beijing few 1 month. 
Jianguo goes to the square for listening to the speech and the singing, he watches that the new generation of the student rebels and to shake up he and the movement. 
The god of Red Guards 20 year of before now is Mao but the ideal of the young person now is wears the jeans and t shirt and to erect the new statue Lady Liberty. 
I live in Beijing that time and I go to the square per 1 day. Not much of Jianguo says when I run into him. But to look like to stir that he thinks 1,000,000 in his heart. 
I go to that I sees the figure the activity the square on afternoon and I arrange that I goes with he. 
The friend I greets me with that he smiles at me and he asks to that I goes to it that that the leader the study meets in their tent causes me. 
Jianguo the just behind I,  he starts that he comes to the inside just and that the friend I frowns and he stops him. You do not come to the inside. 
I explain by I am saying the brother I this. My friend listens by is surprising he. 
Anyway that he looks like the villager from the countryside complete today Jianguo is born in Beijing and to raise he in it. 
Wang Peirong thinks to relate this to to block the usual channel the report. 
He points out they report when does not work to report normal all and he must report in online he. 
That the secretary of the debauchery Dong Feng who labels as 1 person who he is the husband the wife him 2 in the country falls is typical. 
Wang Peirong thinks the open actual secret is the absurdity, the corruption and of Dong Feng that the nobody investigates and it penalizes and no one bothers to that no one inquires into this although he reports this to the department the concern for 1 year by he is using the real name their. 
Wang Peirong thinks that to report in online equals to publicize the deed the corruption of the person the report also. Reduces to can cover up blatantly that causes to make that the investigative and the penalization is easier great when it is in under the public eye. 
Many the persons ask the relation 360 that that the individual makes the thing Chargeback Rival causes. 
That 3 originals reason causes that 360 uses the name of the person to that it issues the thing Chargeback Rival is likely. 
The general manager Zhou does too much of the bad stuff in the personal computer and he does not want that he offends too many of the person in the cell phone causes that he finds the individual author for scape he. Have condition that the provider that it serves on it knows that 360 blocks the way of the phone. Tough the person each who are within them. 
To defraud netizen grass roots of that netizen senses netizen identifies and netizen sympathizes by is using the individual author to that he issues it is easy. 
You see i is netizen individual that charges the money that causes that it makes the software piece for helping that everyone solves this problem everyone that be from the thing that moves it seems to the outside. 
The power captivating that uses the individual author to that he issues the strength. Many the providers of the wireless realm that it serves think that much of the product of the individual author does not influence definite that causes that too much of it does not attend to it. 
Anyway that 360 does this already that that it promotes the thing Chargeback Rival with the large scale covers up. Transforms it to 360 after that the thing Chargeback Rival dominates the situation. 
Wang Peirong can post the problem that have-relevance to online only then that that he sees not hopeful Xu Ming causes. 
That non only thing and the generous he courage thing that Wang Peirong endeavors leads to revenge the person the report for example, the goon the hiring beats up him severely when he reports the corruption that Li Rongqi causes and it retaliates against him, the hospitalization that that it injures him causes and when he reports the black force numerous the occasions. 
But that this does not halt the momentum of Wang Peirong reports. 
But that Wang Peirong calls for that and sets out the policy, the provision and for protecting he is safe personal and the legal right the person who blow whistle to the party and the government the program. 
News Night Banquet in the city channel of Jiangsu TV this causes the great uproar in the community. 
This but that Wang Peirong who reputes the first opponent in Jiangsu to corrupt in online well suffers from the not fair treatment now. 
China's University of Mining and Technology suspends the duty teaching of Wang Peirong because the official the report for example, Li Rongqi pressure it to suspend. 
The thing the question that places in in front of the person the decision who is in it is the thing that China University of Mining and Technology responds to that the mainstream media in Jiangsu appraises Wang Peirong with the positive actively, the well that it treats him thing and the thing that it protects the legal right he that he avoids possible. 
Is budgeted about renminbi 670,274,000,000,000 the quantity that that increases by renminbi 67,604,000,000,000 and 11.20 percent for the defense that is China on 2012. 
To increase that China expends on the military too fast for America and to increase by over renminbi 100,000,000,000 the current but that it can do with more than renminbi 100,000,000,000 that amounts additional this the earth. 
It amounts to more than 10,000,000,000 dollar that purchases more than 100 planes that is West of the generation 3.50 that is late the fight possible that bases on the rate that exchanges renminbi for the dollar that is US the current. 
Can produce over 200 or more perhaps even of the plane if uses it to that it manufactures J-10 that is China the fight. china can improve its prowess in the air for the margin that is great even than the sum that totals of the country in West that sizes mid by is going 1. 
It fears the rapid rate that China upgrades its military technology that enables to that it overtakes it soon it possible in fact really instead of that America fears to increase to expend on the military. 
China has many the inadequacies for example, not that it develops the high technology is mature equal and its basic infrastructure, the standard about educates its citizen, to develop its system and etc lack also. But that China has its natural advantage for example, it possesses the long history and the culture is stable. 
Some person points out this serious disadvantage for China that that it carries the thing that burdens that is too heavy that hinders to develop with the rapid that he says causes that he comments. 
Not to reason this is correct extreme in fact because profound is the culture that is China, it can draw the thing that it experiences history and despite the problem that it faces. 
It can learn from the thing that the dynasty Yuan Dynasty handles to trade foreign and the problem about multiple the ethnic groups co-exist, it draws the lesson from the thing the experience the negative at-least, when China deals with the affair the international or that for example. 
That America cuts down on that it expends on the military the current drastically but that it fears that China increases that it expends on the military substantially. america attempts to that it returns to Pacific Ocean desperate that that it wishes that it continues that it contains to grow that the military of China is strong causes. 
America controls about Straits of Malacca and the vessel that is within the large majority pf the vessel the shipment of China. But enormous is that America expends natural if it wishes that it maintains to develop the order about trades world. 
The number of the country that is within the country in West states that it does not consider the issue to budget that America deploys the military if no finance crisis. 
Too not the country that neighbor should be sensitive for to increase that China spends the military sharp as a matter of fact. That they fears that China threatens them direct but that the country history shows that it does not have the habit of it wields its military might for challenging the country in West ever the thing that they view it habitual that depends on that its culture influences profound. 
China does not like that it shows off and it prefers that it restrains itself and and is true about the field of the military matter. 
China reveals it researches 3 models about the stealth plane of the fourth generation the fight and it develops it up to now and to expect that J20 enters the production the mass and it serves next year of the direct blow America. 
But that this model about the plane the fight that is China displays that it performs advanced the surprisingly already when the combat terrifies America and to fear to do not match F22 with the level that it is advanced for the technology. This model about the plane the fight does not participate in the actual inspection ever after all up to this point. 
That China can understand this perhaps but to do not avoid that the country plane of the fourth generation the fight stirs. 
Disrupts the original order. The fighter that is China is powerful less after all. 
The report from the media that is America says to expect that that China expends on the military reaches 200,000,000,000 dollar 2 year of after now. 
To can exaggerate this number great the strength of course and the theory China Threat embellishes it also. But that that America moves such affects China much no longer that that it does not anything with it even if that that it expends on the defense reaches 200,000,000,000 dollar that is US causes. 
China adopts the aggressive stand it recently by it is voting on the issue Syria 3 times that neg and that Beijing message it accumulates the power the sufficient and it does not fear that you distorts the truth that relates to that Japan names Diaoyu Islands appears. 
That China expends on the military soars. But America cuts down on that it expends on the military the continually and it asserts to to replace its prowess with the troop that small but the elite that does not affect that it is capable the repetition. It causes to concern that spreads wide throughout in America that that it is consoles the self only causes. 
This version that refurbishes clear about the theory from America that threatens military, to change it to the theory that threatens to to expend on the military now and certain but China uses to it wags the finger and it criticizes it and this writer believes that it terminates the friendly relation it the economy it soon or late when grows that it is confident the increasingly. 
That China expends on the military that soars implies reluctant is it about limits it to to position it as second of the world and to do not content it with first that it in the only name than it. It intends to that it recovers its history glory 1,500 year old as the country that leads the world instead of. 
Not the thing the containment is same for the thing the title quite. 
Let that I whispers to do the business in America depends on the connection and to accept the red packet also same to accept in China. 
He must arm himself the person that is China because the rascal, the hooligan and for example, the person that is America face him. 
Indeed. I wonder the thing is that we expend on the military than that America expends on the military, the thing that that is within expend that spends on to defend the nation sophisticated genuinely and to spend on to defend advanced about it real and no such thing ever that resembles too much. We lag behind America far still. 
The direction the relation China America becomes the thing that the world focuses that it attends to it when the vice president Xi visits with it now. 
But that not I is hopeful for America imperialism that regardless the sweet that it talks thing. 
The country is America imperialism that fails to that it lives up to its word always and it does not spare to make-an-effort, it uses means any to that it gets something and as long as interests it in something. 
The relation China America imperialism resembles the relation the sheep it and to do not expect that the wolf changes its ambition. 
The wolf does not befriend the sheep ever. It is the only illusion on my part, it is the only wolf that clothes in the sheep and even if so. 
It reveals its wolf nature ultimately and I hope for that it does not fool the sheep. 
The whole world expects China co-exist with America peacefully, it and it preside over the affair the international with the joint and and deals with it and and builds the new peaceful international order. 
The person in it and the person in it wish that China co-exist with America peacefully common also. 
Anyway that we wishes the peace that we aspire only good. 
The petal the fall the intention is China but the non heart water the flow is America imperialism. 
Some the person that is China thinks that it maintains the relation it that it is friendly for America imperialism it only by he is wishing. 
Conflicts over the interest direct despite to distance it from it great and China does not dispute with America the territory that does not resemble the relation we Polar Bear. 
But America imperialism particular that makes the trouble for constraining that the dragon that is China takes off in any possible location that it differs with it over the ideology and to handle the affair the international lacks the trust, the communication and the necessity causes for make-an-effort to that it contains to develop it and it threatens to its hegemony position. 
America imperialism has the initiative about do 2 major possible countries that means China and it get along? actual. 
To do with the relation China America a lot and it sacrifices to it a lot. 
Anyway that China uses its warm face to that it caresses the cold ass of America imperialism that that it thinks by it is wishing causes that it does not win its sincerity that causes to waver on the relation it it and it falls even to backwards still. 
More clashes, to do not avoid to conflict, the struggle becomes the ferocity, the future and because China challenges its world hegemony and America imperialism attempts to that it retains it. 
To improve the life standard of the person substantial, to develop it defends and its military is strong with the rapid also, the recent year and when it reforms and China campaigns for that it opens up reaches deep that is great. 
To begin prominent is the status of China as the major world power and it plays the role that is important about it deals with it and it directs the affair the international. 
To grow China, it rises and with the rapid threatens the hegemony position of America imperialism, and challenges it and gradually. 
America imperialism devises means every possible that it contains to develop China and it checks develop because this makes restless. 
America imperialism wants it upsets China and and it restrains it with it sells to it military and the issue Taiwan. 
The issue Taiwan becomes the thing that the heart of all persons who descends from China sorrows for forever. 
America imperialism wants it controls about Middle East and it suppresses Syria and Iran that that it covets the important strategy location, the abundant resource and its causes main. 
America imperialism wants that it overthrows the regime Bashar for ridding of the only military base of Polar Bear Middle East! . It does not want that Polar Bear influences in Middle East long. 
America imperialism wants that it topples Iran for it takes on it, it controls about its resource, it contains that China develops and main. 
It wants it suppresses Polar Bear and it squeezes the space living of China and Russia also. 
China threatens the hegemony position of America imperialism, Polar Bear threatens to it less, in the world today, possible and only. 
America imperialism foresees strategy that reaches far and to serve the step each that it takes to that it consolidates its hegemony. 
America imperialism suppresses China with the way all round and we can see that it is present for the economy, the politics and the affair the military that meddles in and. 
America imperialism supports Japan little,  India,  the servant that is Philippines and the monkey that is Vietnam that it disturbs the stable environment around China for disrupting to develop it with the peace and it rises. 
America imperialism targets China it returns to Asia Pacific pompously, it reshuffles that it deploys its military and now direct. 
Taiwan pains all persons that is China deep that it takes it as the pawn long and America imperialism uses it to the chip for the bargaining in it struggles with it causes. 
The pity is many the persons that is China hope for he befriends America imperialism and he maintains the friendship with it from the generation to the generation still. 
To aim many, America imperialism adjusts the strategy, its ideas and its at China the rise all. 
Many the advanced weapons are tailored to China. 
I say to the compatriot. You wake up you. Do not keep daydream you that that America imperialism aims its gun at your head already causes. 
America imperialism takes China as the country that it is my enemy prime that rivals it prime that give up on your fantasy about you can befriend the enemy you. 
The good method is uses my time to to step up we defend us and we construct the military, we cast all illusions to away from and to ready we for the war good! 
My ancestor says that that you does not harbor the ill intent against other but that you does not relax your vigilance ever with the wise. 
Anyway that America imperialism that stares that resembles the tiger that watches its prey that makes that we needs that the vigilance remains this time is my enemy this moment this psychology that needs for getting along with the friend. 
China sacrifices for improving the relation it America imperialism a lot and it tries to that it befriends it for all along. 
We do not invest the continually by is returning any although China needs the peaceful stable environment for developing it now. 
Does improve the relation China America? . Does develop friendly? . The key thing the question lies in America imperialism and it does not lie in China. 
America imperialism initiates to develop the relation China it always. 
Not difficult is China befriends America in fact because it does not dispute with it the land or the territory although it differs with it over the ideology. 
The not direct war China America although it fights it in the battlefield. 
It displays its sincerity, it lets that the person that is China sees the act, the thing the result and actual, America imperialism and if it wants that it befriends it sincerely. 
Is interested China in the issue Taiwan great about America imperialism. 
America imperialism allows that China accomplishes its great cause about it re-unify the nation if it stops that it sells to Taiwan military, it does not support it and it ensures the peace across in Taiwan Straits. 
I believe that China sacrifices its other interest also for reciprocating to the good faith of America imperialism if it refrains from that it meddles in the internal issue the right the human it and it does not intervene in other affair for example, Tibet also. 
America imperialism befriends China true, it co-exist with it peacefully from the generation to the generation by it is being my friend the friend and that have condition only that it does this. 
Does America imperialism give up on Taiwan? . Not absolute. 
America imperialism likes that it intervenes in the internal affair other country and the affair it the right the human that that it uses to hegemon is it causes, the good chess piece is Taiwan for containing China and that I believe that it does not let that it goes easy. 
It can tolerate that China challenges to position it as hegemon world less. 
China and America becomes it rivals it and it is my enemy even the enemy only the year that comes instead of that it befriends it. 
Causes that we does not need that we harbor the fantasy about America imperialism. It should change the mentality of China with the fundamental. To do not need to fear it and we should be ready for that we confronts America imperialism military any. 
Let's win that America imperialism and the whole world respects us by we are being strong. 
My only unilateral notion is rises peacefully because the big power of the world does not accept that China powerful appears. 
China can become the world power real by the war is baptizing it only. 
The vigilance ever is him, to do not deceive he about the peace the present, that that he chooses to prepare to the war the activity right only causes and the person that is China. 
We can eradicate all aggressors when we defend and my military becomes that and is strong and China can become the powerful truly country only by the war is baptizing it. 
I opine the war China America the future personal. 
China needs it casts its illusion to away from and it ready itself for the war. 
China Mobile the monopolization operates in China of the market of the mobile phone that is big in the world that does not doubt. It expresses its ambition about to step it to the outside the country and it participates in that it competes globe clear also. 
Wang Jianzhou who is the president and the executive chief officer in China Mobile is determined for that he changes this all despite not outstanding that the company that is China performs when the globalization. 
The person who is the editor in Business Week interviews Wang Jianzhou exclusive the eve Business Week CEO Forum that holds in Beijing on November 1. 
He states the objective of China Mobile is it becomes the company world class. 
Wang Jianzhou 57 year old says that China Mobile that lists in Hong Kong Stock Exchange has close to 300,000,000 users that equals entire the population of United States the mobile phone in the mainland of China in English fluent. 
This signifies that China Mobile occupies almost 70 percent markets share in the mainland of China. 
Li Yanhong,  Zhang Chaoyang,  Shen Nanpeng and Ma Huateng. 
International Data Group that U.S. owns shadows this magnate of the high tech that emerges with one magnate after the magnate another that is China sure before now for 10 year. 
Is held IDG Conference every 1 year in Sanya in Hainan on November 3. 
The persons who is the executive chief officer in the company that IDG invests, the representatives the bank the investment and the representatives the agency the consultation and over 190 are within the participant that excepts 7 partners that calls Seven Swords the inside it also. 
The practice before now for 6 year says some participant that makes the list of the magnate that features the year after IDG Conference each always it. 
I insist on that I does not pay him. To crack he, he flees by is panicking he and the final. 
But that I verges on to collapse I that that the police of the person that I look forward in 110 does not arrive yet still causes also. 
To study overseas becomes that it is popular this day. The friend and the relative pride on to mention it. 
To what? to the person who he is the child the rich person and the person who he is the child the person who is the official in the government. 
That oneself gets the diploma that is West let alone makes that to get the good job the future is easier. That the person who mom he, the dad and old parades it even everywhere looks like good exceeding. 
But that the person of the family of the middle class or the even worker the layoff sees the person who he is the child the wealthy powerful person goes to overseas and he comes to the back by is cloaking he in the glory and he has the good future. They do not know to guarantee the wealth of the family and its good background real only. So wonderful. Causes they pinch, they scrape and for sending the child they to overseas. 
That the wonderful future, the glory that does not limit and nothing but returns when sends they to overseas seems. 
Sends the person who does not pass the exam for entering the university who wastes their day the home by is doing anything to overseas often nowadays. Everything is okay if the bit of toughens. 
Wrong. To spend about the cash of the huge chunk causes that that the thing that pays off fall short far of the thing the expectation frightens. 
That it holds back the child frightens. 
I am in France for several 1 year. 
I experience and or I see countless of the person who gives up on that he studies per 1 year, the person everywhere that is healthy the wreckage, the seller their soul and the person who loses their life even that is more even. 
The splendid term is studies overseas but the return that it demands the youth, to make-an-effort, to persevere staunch and the rationality the sufficient it. 
No bed of the rose is the life ever in any location in the foreign land that the language barrier, the custom the different and not, the family or the friend that is more even. 
The malformed society. 
Originates the proposal about transfers the right the reproduction from the same the proposal about controls about that the rural child that goes to the college numbers track. Unknown is this representative else if no politician that does the nothing is him. 
Fucks you! . Go to the hell. Fucks your mother! 
Bullshits complete obvious! . Sinister than to buy the infant, to sell it and direct. 
Does save China still? 
The policy 1 child that is insidious that is antihuman thorough that discriminates against the race that tramples the right it that the people that is Han for the whole survives open. The person is all persons who formulates this policy who implements it that is fascism. To try they International Court and the hanging the person who it is responsible with the principal. 
The real representative is this guy and the aha. 
All knows Shanghai and Hong Kong has the very low rate bearing, and depends on the migrant maintains the size is the population and he keeps the population of and from the young main and to develop the economy good. 
Multiple, the black person, the person from Southeast Asia, of and 1,000,000 come to the southeast, and causes to deteriorate the society order the varied degree, the recent year and because fall short to labor. 
That China depends on the immigrant resembles that Shanghai and Hong Kong depends on him and it pursues the policy 1 child that makes that the policy the plan looks like the very clever policy the same time. 
Shanghai and Hong Kong maintains to develop the society in and by and is absorbing the migrant from other province. The amr-unknown event if China prepares the herb medicine with the method the prescription and it absorbs foreign. 
You do not wait for that the situation becomes to do not manage about it and to drive gypsy away from then that resembles that Sarkozy does. angela Merkel who is the chancellor in Germany declares it fails to that it builds the society the diversification and it limits to develop the population the immigration recent just. Mandatory. 
Wears out the dividend for the population before the long. The population experiences to replace race soon, to disintegrate China that resembles Yugoslavia soon and that that the laborer the immigration that does not subject to that he plans the family swarms causes. 
The black person, the person that is Arab and the person that is Vietnam demand the right and, the autonomy of and and and does not depend with one after another. 
The local area becomes that it does not depend that resembles Kosovo with one after another. 
More the children it can be born to the minority people in Xinjiang and Tibet that the proportion it of the person that is Han declines quick. 
The policy 1 child exterminates the regiment of the troop and the woman from Sichuan that such nation hero for example, Zuo Zongtang and Wang Zhen that takes to pain great it transplants into Xinjiang and Tibet quick. The undercurrent of Xinjiang Independence and Tibetan Independence gets rampant. 
The policy to plan the family and the policy 1 child endanger the country that resembles to stack the egg and and threatens to that the nation survives. 
To plan the family reduces the population that is China 300,000,000 effective that postpones Day of 7 Billion 3 year. That Planning Commission plans says to postpone Day of 7 Billion few 1 year another just even if to reduce the population that is China 1,000,000,000. 
But on the brink extinct is the nation that is China. The notion selfless that the nobody has until to evolve into the non human creature such becomes the reality the surprisingly in it. 
The major issue about the country survives is the issue the population and to structure ethnical. 
Have part to plan to exterminate the person that is Han massive it and to begin to divide China with to plan the family. 
The extreme stupid is the policy to plan the family and ultimate about castrates the self is it. It does not have the precedent with the history perspective, to do not match up it the future and it is unique total with the globe perspective. 
The malice of the enemy and the stupidity of the person in the power embody the policy to harm the self full, it brings the disaster the country and the person, it is void for the conscience total, it contributes the nothing to the time the contemporary, it leaves the trouble legacy long the future and it becomes the joke that the person throughout all histories ridicules definite. 
Xinwen Lianbo reports difficult that the enterprise hires the worker extends to the west and to sweep difficult the whole country other day. 
The extreme stupid is the policy to plan the family, it brings the disaster the country and the person and it is void for the conscience total. 
Does to improve the population quality require to transfer the right the reproduction to the rich person? 
To buy everything near, to sell it and by is exchanging the freedom in the market. 
The right that the child second is born becomes the popular the rich person product today also. 
They have the money that they buy the right they, the child they is born to they and they raise him. 
We look at the thing that the representative argues with the person who is the official in the government, he struggles with him with the law and in Two Meetings about to transfer the right that the child second is born, to transact it and this. 
What? 
The author Li Xinghao that represents the governmental organization NPC that is the chairman in Zhigao Group this proposal says that to transfer such benefits to improve the quality of the population to to question about this. 
Transfers to the person of the amr-unknown exact kind. 
This representative identifies 3 groups of first the person the background educating the strength, (2) the rich class and (3) the civil servant. 
Li Xinghao asserts to the person the background the strength educating, the rich class and the civil servant have the social status is high relative and means economics is good relative, and can ensure the basic condition educating and the good to develop the population that is born new environment and in the society today. 
What? 
Li Xinghao explains specific from the angle about to supply the market and it demands. 
He says that to do not classify the person as the rich person and the poor person but to classify he as the person the demand and the person who does not demand for the transferrable. 
He says to root the original motive that causes this proposal in that he discovers to that some family that the child it second is born that the law allows becomes to impoverish it that poor is it and other reason causes if bear. 
But that some the rich family desires that the child it second is born to it the strength that it does not allow bear. 
He thinks this conflict exists real and the department of the governmental organization that have-relevance can initiate that it establishes the platform the transferrable. 
Very this proposal about the transferrable the representative Li is smart indeed. 
That it helps it reduces the wealth gap and it narrows it the government but. 
But that it solves that the market of the right the reproduction conflicts structure that means that that he does not afford to be born to he and he brings up although the poor person has the allowance but that he does not have it although the rich person wants that the child him is born to he also. 
That the rich person reduces their wealth that per capita by he is volunteering with more the children him are born to he and he raises him but that the poor person increases their wealth that per capita with few of the child him is born to he and he raises him that bases on the proposal the representative Li. 
The government can narrow the gap between the poor person and the rich person that increases ever by is noticing with him transfers the right that the child second is born to him such and between transacts it such by is spending about 1 cent. 
To transfer such can narrow the wealth gap. 
This representative Li envisions the fast track for the person who gets rich first guides the person who gets rich late and he assists him. Means that that the transferor the allowance must give the entire help support sequence to the person whom it. 
The thing that Li Xinghao plans says that the transfer platform establishes the relation the transferor the person who it the guidance the assistance one on one by is drawing that resembles the lottery. 
The couple that applies to transfer the allowance to it buys to insure for it basic that the government requires the current for example, to insure social, to insure medicine and to insure against the accident personal is within all for the couple that it, it continues that it provides that it guarantees the alive it minimum to it for the rest of its life and of the assistance. 
The couple the appliance provides that it supports to educate the person who he is the child the couple the transferrable finance until to graduate he or she from the university meanwhile also. 
That the couple the appliance must buy the apartment that subsidizes with the social in the city that it dwells that is meter square 35 from the couple the transferrable but that all rights it to use the land to it in the countryside belongs with it if it intends to that it registers itself as the urban permanent resident. 
What does my person who is the official to plan the family think about to propose that the state utilizes to transfer the right that the child second is born for to improve the population quality and to make that the person who gets rich first helps that it realizes to prosper common the person who gets rich late this? 
Zhang Feng who is the director in the governmental organization Guangdong Provincial Family Planning Commission clarifies the stand he to do not transfer the right the reproduction absolute to the media that he responds yesterday. 
It violates the law, it brings to question about moral if involves the transaction it also and if transfers the right the reproduction. 
Can enrich the poor person with the class that gets rich first assists and it guides with he transfers the right he that the child him second is born to he and to impose the concomitant thing the obligation on the person whom it. The poor person finds that the rich class, the class that educates well and the bureaucrat class is my son the obedience that provides to him for until that he dies that does not doubt if to pass the proposal and it becomes the law. Marvelous indeed. 
Anyway otherwise that he claims to do not transact. The dignity of the poor person in bundles mandatory this. 
The thing that bundles the proposal the obligation this representative Li does not imply to contract to to exchange the right to use the land and to transact it still. 
Why does interest the rich person in that he provides to the person who he is the child the poor person certain by is exchanging the interest such? 
It must ensure that to exchange the interest such is fair when the transferrable the legislature if it wants that it adopts this proposal that premises on that the class that gets rich first leads the class that gets rich late to that it becomes rich with it guides it, it assists it, one on one and for to improve the quality of my population and to narrow my wealth gap real. 
Transfers with the person the nursing wetting. 
It is followed with the interest. 
To do not classify the person as rich and poor but to classify he as the person the demand and the person who does not demand for transferring the right the marriage. I discover that some man the legal right the marriage becomes to impoverish he if marries he that poor is him and other reason causes since. 
But that some rich man desires to marry he the variable N of the concubine the strength that that his mistress fusses over that it wants to marry he it often causes that to do not allow he and he is guilty for the bigamy. 
I think to conflict this exists real and the department of the governmental organization that have-relevance can take the initiative of it establishes the platform for transferring the right the marriage. 
Pillage the flesh the till to see the bone? 
The interest and the interest. 
The hooligan logic. 
The wife is transferred direct. 
You puff the salary that is 1 month of the ordinary worker away if you smoke the stick because the pack of the luxury cigarette ranges from few yuan 10 to more than yuan 100. 
That that they does not smoke the cigarette but that they smokes the blood of the payer the taxable and their sweat if buys it with the public fund. 
The representative Ma Wenfang the governmental organization NPC proposes to shall ban to consume the product of the tobacco that the public expends universally he. 
Many the reasons cause that that we meets my objective that controls about the tobacco lags far of course. 
But that that the group of the smoker exists in my huge contingent of the civil servant is within the reason that does not dispute possible. 
The considerable number of the smoker the free cigarette that he buys with their money mandatory is within this legion of the smoker. 
That they does not use his money causes that they smokes the luxury cigarette that most of the persons afford possible usual precise. 
That they performs that they blows the ring of the smoking track effects to set the new record that the civil servant expends on the consumption the repetition the compounding also and it becomes the organic portion of corrupts the officialdom as the whole. 
This social backdrop that horrifies precisely prompts the representative Ma Wenfang the governmental organization NPC into set forth he that he proposes to ban to consume the product of the tobacco that the public funds universally solemnly. 
Many the civil servants in my country think to name he Gong family that causes that the public should bear to expend every that he incurs that regardless to expend is for the public purpose or to expend is for the private purpose. Causes to can involve everything almost that imagines possible to consume that the public expends. 
For example and they want to have and, they enjoy and full and by is using that the public funds to that they settles the billing full. 
The mountain of the document is extended to the sky real if it must draw up the separate document the regulation for addressing the single item that consumes that the public expends every for circulating it the supreme authority. 
To need that the product of the tobacco is within the clause that have-relevance of regulates that opposes the corruption about prohibits to consume that the public funds clear all in fact and to include suffices. 
We must ensure to enforce the order and the prohibition full we about the issue that remains. Punishes any civil servant severe if dares he that he violates it that conforms to the law and the regulation. 
No thing if carries out this in all localities at the level every real that to do not curb to consume that the public expends that practice the corruption that to smoke that it funds is within worries. 
Where does the servant that staffs greet the deputy and the member the committee after to move and to the quarter of and in the hotel? 
That some greets them as the deputy So-and-so or the member the committee it but that some calls the person who is the deputy in the governmental organization NPC the chief that embarrasses some the deputy who is within the deputy from the level grass roots especially somewhat. Some the deputy requests that the servant that staffs does not call him the chief from him even. 
Anyway to call causes to misunderstand the identity of him or him actual that the person who is the member in the staff that serves the hotel calls the deputy, the member the committee and that moves to the quarter in the hotel of and the chief that that he respects formal of course causes. 
To convene 2 conferences as the major nation event provides the path to ahead to to develop we clear. 
But that the identity of the deputy or the member the committee uses generally in 2 conferences that conforms to the common sense for example, the deputy xx or the member the committee it. But that I does not say much about mentions the deputy as the chief. 
We can see that the common person senses that the deputy and the member the committee awes him by is greeting subtle. 
Wrong simple the bit actual when serves to the deputy and the member the committee. 
The cordial is greets they as the deputy xx or the member the committee it direct does not appear. 
You do not sense to awe and the awkwardness after that you greets them as the chief. 
They should treasure his first identity with the equality as the deputy. Not, the official post administrate, the honorary title or is the deputy that is or the member that is in the committee. Means this identity responsible enormous. 
The deputy and the member the committee should have that he senses responsible he that heightens even 2 conferences. Remember your first identity that is important is the deputy that is and the member that is in the committee firm that regardless the thing kind is the social status that you have. 
This just tidbit in 2 conferences. The conference the following unfolds the content that excites in the front we. 
They is scumbag. 
They dare that they words the awe even gosh. The common person does not wait for that he despises them that causes how does that he sense to awe? 
What do you say the common person who the first person, the second person, the third person and for example, you, I and he form elects thingy there amr-unknown public? 
The news website, the periodical, various, major and across the country invite netizen, the reader and nationwide to that and submits the suggestion and for it with the success before to convene 2 nations conference. 
This writer from the suggestion that netizen across the country submits in the various major news website netizen for 2 conferences about the central government strengthens to make-an-effort to it opposes the corruption and it promotes the governmental organization, to supervise the government and the official good and to punish the person who engages in the embezzlement and corrupt severely. 
Mao Xinyu who is the delegate in the governmental organization CPPCC says to emphasize to make-an-effort to to oppose the corruption he checks into for attending 2 conferences and he speaks about the motion that he proposes this year. 
The drive to oppose the corruption is involved everyone that the ordinary person below and the person whom delegates in 2 conferences that is within everyone are within. 
That the public expends on the food and the entertainment nationwide reaches yuan 300,000,000,000 time per 1 year the present already. 
Crowd the figure that is huge such that expends on the food and to entertain it public the expense the thing that is vital for the welfare of the person that the educational, the hygiene, healthcare and to secure the society are within outly. 
The figure is listed in the bill that the central organization of Jiusan Society draws up before 2 conferences on 2012. 
Does not believe that the public expense the food and to entertain it every 1 year reaches yuan 300,000,000,000 actual really. Large is this figure that is yuan 300,000,000,000. 
We can build how much the school? if we save yuan 300,000,000,000 this and we invest it in the region of China that does not develop economy that impoverishes with it. 
We can assist how much the poor family? . We can assist how much the child that forces to that it leaves the school? 
The pity is to squander yuan 300,000,000,000 this by is resulting and the official the corruption wastes it with that he pursues to debauch. How does my person hate the parasite that hides among the rank of the member that is in Communist Party? 
Anyway the ordinary person after all is the ordinary person and he can look only with the silent fury helplessly that all ordinary persons gnashes his tooth when brings up to corrupt the person who is the official in the government. 
The ordinary person does not afford that he upsets the person who is the official in the government that that he cracks the egg with the rock if he dares upset causes. They can get more the things and they end up with the prison, they endanger that they lives even or if something goes that something is wrong. 
The case across the country per 1 year that the ordinary person suffers from the disaster imprisoning if gets he to up lightly or the die disaster if deals with him harsh that the reporter that is the official in the government causes. 
Anyway that he brings the amr-unknown fate him often common is the ordinary person who redresses or other possible who that he resents to requisition the land with the savage or to demolish the home with the savage and the person who is the official in the local government relocates that it forces causes posts to the internet. 
The person who is the official in the local government pins some the thing the label you easy and the body of the public security chases you, it arrests you, across the province boundary and even. 
That not the person who is the official in the government is most terrible but that the power that lies in his hand is most terrible. 
We can prevent to consume that the public funds of 3 types. 
We must block the mouth of the official first we if we prevent to consume that the public funds of 3 types. 
But that that this is easier than does this. What? 
Does dare you as the worker the unit that works of the low level that he does not entertain the leader the unit that works of the high level with the nice thing the consumption and the nice thing the drinking by is respecting if he comes? 
Has the person who is the official in the unit the work of the low level the future still after that they goes if does not entertain they with the nice thing the consumption and the nice thing the drinking well? 
The person who subordinates to him opines their master is all seniors leader. You do not afford that you upsets them and in for the person who upsets they it. You jeopardize your official position justly, you do not know the consequence evenly and if you rub them wrong when you try to butter you them. 
He must block his mouth the first the senior official for stopping to consume that the public funds of 3 types. 
To delight the person who is the official in the local government, to worry he, on April 2011 and when the group 6 the inspection of the committee of the province party of Hubei goes to Yichang for touring Zigui that impoverishes level. 
They have the opportunity that they report his problem to the senior leader and he takes it seriously delights them and 13 persons who is in the group the inspection come for 20 day or so and the expense the entertainment, the thing that to gift costs and the fee inspecting and other various item that expends come yuan 801,900 altogether worries them. 
This county that impoverishes of the nation level can pay the billing. 
This example illustrates that we must stop the person who is the senior official in the government first if we prevent to consume that the public funds of 3 types we good. 
The low beam does not go awry if places the upper beam the correction. 
Must dare it that it does the thing that it means it if the state central authority stops to consume that the public funds of 3 types. 
The objective reality is to wine, to dine, that the public funds and that the scholar points out. 
The bureaucrat culture that calls so ferments the alcohol, adulterate it it, does not recognize it, already and because increases that the alcohol culture prevails in the institution grass roots. 
Some person puts on the wine banquet high end for trying to that he pleases the superior him person, he uses the alcohol to that the person gifts it for seeking that he gains for him personal, he considers the type pleasure is the person gets that the person drinks that he uses the beer game and he gets to carry the person to away from that to addict he to it or the drunkenness causes that affects that he works adversely. 
The amount the food that trash, the amount the money the waste and that to wine, to dine and that the public funds results appall per 1 year. 
This writer lives long in the level grass roots and he hears some the official grass roots sits to gather the meal, he attends to banquet, almost or per 1 day and or does not tire him ever, he witnesses and and often. 
Unknown that expends on to wine and to dine in the level grass roots that per 1 year. Does not publish the specific number ever virtual. 
The insider realizes that expends this high considerable well actual. 
What does blame for that the official grass roots wines and he dines becomes the common thing the practice? 
To need to conduct the rectification, to straighten up the thing and that conforms to to regulate that have-relevance indeed but that to focus on the alone level grass roots can suffice about the level grass roots. 
Numerous equal of, the group the inspection, the group the investigative and of the various type come, and goes, that streams that does not end, that makes to overburden the institution grass roots and the year. Some the person who he must run between various of the dinner party per 1 day who is the cadre grass roots the leadership feels helpless somewhat with also. 
Many the persons wallow in the array of the wine glass and the poker chip also and he becomes the vessel the wine and the bag the food. 
This writer meets with some the official the township. Fed up is many the persons who are within them that that he faces more and more of the dinner party causes but that he feels to force he and helpless is him also. 
They explain to reason that the entertainment is for to solve the problem just. 
The user that is the official in the township his finger that he counts tells that they must entertain the personnel that have-relevance and the person who heads the department they for solving the finance project, the project that repairs the road, the project that constructs the canal and etc that avails it this writer. 
Is developed to construct urban in Beijing with the rapid when I look at all these years to the back. 
Some person says that it borrows the wind from the east of Olympics. But that I thinks otherwise. 
Anyway that Olympics on 2008 allows that Beijing displays its charisma the camera of all calibers that flocks from all sides. 
Anyway to do not stop to develop urban in Beijing still be temporally at Olympics before now almost 4 year. 
The subway of Beijing represents develop about develops urban. 
Can call the person who is born in Beijing on 1,980 s who raises in it on it the generation that grows up by it is sitting the subway almost. 
Does not consider convenient is transports public then in now. That the bus provides to access all directions easy hardly. 
But that 2 subways line the extensive coverage provides the novelty and the convenience to many the residents Beijing and the visitor that travels from afar. 
The traffic feature is the subway that distinguishes Beijing. That the subway emerges provides more the things the choice to everyone as the city that is within the first city in China that has to transport the underground. 
This line of the underground railway that runs via the east of Beijing and its west becomes its symbol the alternative culture. 
Develops Beijing,  its public transport and its highway every 1 day. It ushers in the data that alarms of 5,000,000 cars eventually on 2012. 
The highway the crowd and the road traffic the complication cause that the person expects the thing that is great about develops the subway meanwhile. 
I must applaud to increase that Beijing make-an-effort to to construct the subway the continually these all years I when I talk about to develop the subway. 
Line 13 of Beijing Subway ushers in to complete the entire line also, it becomes the new member that is in the facility family and on July 2001. 
Line 5 that watches close subway goes with to operate it meanwhile on October 2007. It becomes the new trunk that links the south of Beijing to its north that intersects with Line 1. 
The first phase of constructs the subway Line 10 on July 2008 becomes to operate it, Line 4 subway and Line 8 subway becomes to operate and on September 2009, by be becoming succeeds after become and when the resident Beijing enjoys to modernize Line 5 subway. Connects all suburbs district with all counties with the subway with the success the same time. 
The subway of Beijing is transformed to the underground network the transport the coverage it for entire almost from Changping the north to Daxing the south,  Mentougou the west and Tongzhou District the east that has 15 lines from the mean that transports underground the supplementation that has 2 only lines for about 10 year. 
Anyone does not imagine to develop with the rapid such almost and any country does not achieve develop. 
The even spectacle scene of opens 4 lines the same time when 2012 approaches quick. It operates firepower all veritable. 
The coverage to transport the underground with the rapid brings along that the community that surrounds the subway prospers it. The resident does not worry about that he takes the bus route when he goes out no longer. 
More the residents choose that he travels the subway gladly. It is convenient and it is cozy. 
Does not need that that the subway brings about the convenience for the resident travels and he works. That the convenience subway allows more the residents give up their car and he chooses means the transport green such friendly the environment is more commendable. 
To reduce the car in the road alleviates to pressure about the traffic in the road and to reduce reduces that to pollute of the air pressure that causes that more the residents can cheer for the blue sky of Beijing with his heart also. 
The subway contributes this all. But where does that the thing that the subway contributes come? . Be from they to develop the subway in Beijing with the rapid before now for 10 year natural. 
To develop the subway is same for to develop Beijing globe with the rapid. It becomes the symbol Beijing for permanent and the project the beneficial that earns to satisfy the resident and the world respects. 
Beijing forces Ma Ying-jeou to that he declares the stand about the unification and Taiwan can turn to the back no longer. 
That to elect that covers 5 major cities stirs up the storm in Taiwan. 
James Soong appear with the sudden all these commotions that he comes head to head with Ma Ying-jeou during the election. 
Anyway that he does not anything that this makes anxious is Ma Ying-jeou who worries already. 
Links this to the stand early that the mainland of China makes about it cooperate with Taiwan military. james Soong expresses that he participates in the election for telling he works hard for getting the thing 1,992 Consensus from it and he should let down everyone Ma Ying-jeou clear. 
We need what does that we face else? still about the chaos in Taiwan and to unify the mainland of China with it ultimate the future. We must do else we. 
We should prepare other about weathervane of the stand of Ma Ying-jeou. 
That James Soong transfers the allegiance is for that it forces Ma Ying-jeou who does not decide on it to that he declares their stand about unifies ultimate. 
Soong responds to the intent the mainland of China that he transfers the allegiance kind with the certain sense. 
Ma Ying-jeou gets the room a lot for the maneuver about the issue the mainland of China and Taiwan. 
To play the card of the independence of Taiwan for the election and to play the card that attacks the mainland of China that causes to achieve to balance the military for elect. ma Ying-jeou fails to that he progresses any, to step he big even to backward and about the issue to unify it with it ultimate. 
Stands he that he is close for the middle the past. He starts that he follows the footstep of DPP gradually now. He keeps that he pushes the bottom line of the mainland of China for manipulating the election. He ignores the mainland of China compromises and to make-an-effort that it puts in for unifying complete. 
The mainland of China adjusts the policy huge for example, it absorbs the industry excess capacity of Taiwan, it buys its agriculture excess product, it gives the room for the affair the international to several of the politics country figure for carrying out it and etc for saving the country economy. 
But that it must face the real the seemingly it snake is Ma Ying-jeou of the double head that is false that seem the same time after to wait all this when the end. 
That James Soong faces Ma Ying-jeou who does not decide this causes step up he for defending the mainland of China. 
Ma Ying-jeou does not want to score he the point for the selection. He does not want that he elevates his position by he is manipulating the person. 
Changes the situation when James Soong appears. This is for that this forces Ma Ying-jeou to he stops that he manipulates the election and he declares their stand about unifies the mainland of China with Taiwan ultimate. 
No only thing that the mainland of China chooses is Ma Ying-jeou but the only thing that he chooses is it. 
Is caused that the amr-unknown card that Old Ma plays leaves. 
Fetus that dies in the womb is purchases for the military. 
That the mainland of China prospers eclipses to develop the economy. 
The culture is integrated into the mainland of China full as well. 
The department about the military of the mainland of China controls about the soldiers that is Taiwan who serves ex, the countries soldier the service and all about the affair the military. 
The mainland of China convinces the key figure that is Taiwan that holds the military power the long of before now with the reason. 
The fellow country man should slaughter himself, the brother should turn against it and that makes hostile less is the military that is Taiwan for the mainland of China. 
No also issue to withdraw the missile that Ma Ying-jeou proposes no longer now. 
Causes who does that Ma Ying-jeou wait still? . Does wait for to change major in Taiwan? 
It opines no only thing that the mainland of China chooses is Ma Ying-jeou no longer. 
The mainland of China seeks all forces in Taiwan that seeks possible the activity it. dpp even starts that it changes its course. 
But that Ma Ying-jeou who holds on who keeps that his mouth is tight does not have the thing that he chooses that excepts the mainland of China that means the only thing that he chooses is it. 
All persons who is the big boss in Kuomintang visit with the mainland of China, to treat he as the person that is very important even, he gets to respect all that he deserves and basic. 
Is caused does that Ma Ying-jeou think about their position the future or the great cause about unifies the nation? 
That Ma Ying-jeou can offend some person in Taiwan who that he achieves that it does not depend is eager but that he can gain that 1,400,000,000 entire populations that is China respects him. To compare 2 things should be clear for the important thing and the non important thing. 
Nixon turns the relation China United States to around when he visits with it then back. Causes that Ma Ying-jeou does not want that the name their goes to the history to the down. 
Is the bill of the chicken better real than the anus of the ox real? 
Causes that Ma Ying-jeou should understand the only thing the choice is him that is within the thing that the mainland of China chooses. Does that he want he achieves that he succeeds and he acquires to fame he? depends on him. 
Watch out for that Ma Ying-jeou resists the unification military the continually with the method that leases for the ownership. 
Anyway that United States shows the rare stand that it does not decide about the issue Taiwan that it increases that its military is present for Asia Pacific recently. 
All persons who is the senior politician in Taiwan talk about the unification and to talk about the secession less and less causes that United States can tell the thing that it heads no longer. 
That the mainland of China agrees Diaoyu Islands Taiwan tacit certain makes that United States feels that not it is capable for that it does the thing that it wants somewhat. 
But that some person from United States and Taiwan is intelligent somewhat still. 
That they talks about to purchase for the military no longer but that they starts that they proposes the method that leases for the ownership that Taiwan gets the weapon. 
Old is the weapon that Taiwan has now. 
Anyway that that Taiwan is strong suffices that it fights it no longer if speaks with the fundamental that the method that leases for the ownership can bring some advantage that it conducts that it confronts the mainland of China military cutting edge. 
It is ended with very tragic if it continues that it takes its old path of it resists the unification with the military force. 
The touchstone is Diaoyu Islands causes that Taiwan can turn to the back no longer. 
Many still opportunities for the mainland of China and Taiwan of course. For example. 
The mainland of China and Taiwan deploys the navy vessel with the joint, and defends Diaoyu Islands with it, and joins the hand for fighting Japan and when it comes. 
Acts the activity about owns Taiwan recently in it as well. 
For example. 
Changes this that makes that Taiwan that is entire that means from top to bottom reaches the consensus about it can survive by it is staying in that it is close for the mainland of China. 
That it faces that the mainland of China make-an-effort to the unification the offense causes that Taiwan can turn itself to the back no longer. 
Taiwan becomes the country the betrayal another if Japan embraces it. taiwan has the bright future if the mainland of China embraces it only. 
Someone that demonstrates the stand the mainland of China that ranges from to cooperate the activity it to to warn slight is James Soong mere in short. 
Ma Ying-jeou must face the thing that the person in both sides of the strait hopes for 1 century true if he does not want that he oversleeps after that he goes back to the bed on morning. 
Does that he want he sins against the nation or he contributes to it meriting? depends on him. 
The person of the mainland of China responds to Ma Ying-jeou when that time comes enthusiastically. 
What does go on? 
Should rot this person who does not learn of that he is good the home of the damn. Unknown that causes that they comes to out. 
The society is endangered. 
Not samaritan should be one real. 
You should help other person anymore if that you helps to get he to up him but he does not appreciate it and he pushes you even. 
Anyway that you helps her again. 
Do not joke in the seaside. It triggers the tsunami. 
It is too tragic real. 
To meet the violence with the violence does not benefit anyone. 
The woe of the society. 
Should punish the maker the trouble after that he gets the drunk with no leniency. Detestable. 
Is quoted as the thing the following from he posts second Qiuyeyuanmaoerkong. 
Does that the perpetrator says poor is him just cause to do not hold responsible he? . What? 
The good person is tough really. 
The old man looks at the trouble. 
Many scumbag around nowadays. 
Is quoted as the thing the following from he posts seventh Miyamiya. 
Anyway that one should do good either that one should do the evil nowadays. 
The not good nowadays person is one of the damn. 
The society makes that you feels that you fears the painfully always. The countless reason that makes that the person curses seems per 1 day always. 
This well. 
You call this the misfortune that does not foresee. 
The person says to do not the good thing. He does not listen. Sighs. 
Scary. 
Is quoted as the thing the following from he posts tenth Ninth Inspiration. 
What does go on? . Should rot this person who does not learn of that he is good the home of the damn. Unknown that causes that they comes to out. Endangers the society. 
What? . Scumbag! 
Is quoted as the thing the following from posts sixteenth zhukong81. 
The woe of the society. 
To beat the good person extinct is him by is resembling this and be done for he. 
So you are old right. What? . The good person is tough. 
The good person is tough. 
You are no good person ever. Remember always. 
Everyone pretends the drunk is everyone, everyone makes the trouble, the future and if does not punish severely. 
The cup. 
The letter from the family that the victim is the member. 
I like to that I thanks the person of the kind heart for that he calls the police immediately first of all. I like to that I thanks the authority of the public security for that it captures the perpetrator with the prompt also. 
My father rides their bicycle to Gucheng Park for the exercise early September 1 morning as usual. That he sees that someone lies in the side of the road in Jiuli Street causes that he goes to up for he checks up on someone and he asks to that someone goes to the home soon that kind he causes. 3 persons run to he, he kicks him, he beats him and then. The police says that they drinks 4 case of the beer the time. Results in that the skull of my father suffers from the serious injury. To bleed he profusely and he loses the consciousness. Dilates his pupil already when takes he into the hospital. But that he survives that that the doctor rescues him with the prompt causes. To bleed serious causes that the doctor performs the surgery that saves the life for cutting off the piece of the skull the head of my father to bleed profuse causes that some blood flows already in brainstem and the bottom of the brain that endangers his life. 
Very the condition of my father is serious now right. He undergoes craniotomy for 5 hour on September 1. He has tracheotomy, to use the respirator to that it helps that he breathes him and on September 2. he is not conscious still the current. He can move his arm and his foot sometimes, he shows that he signals the recovery and after that the hospital treats him for few 1 day this. 
We feel very terrible now that that we is my child causes. Be temporally at the incident 6 day of before now. That the police advises him causes that the perpetrator gives yuan 10,000 the final. We deliver the money to the hospital already. Spends on the billing medicine about almost yuan 50,000 now. What do we know when do we get the money that we pay for the billing medicine the future amr unknown? ? 
We receive that it reminds that we pays us from the hospital now already. The hospital stops that it supplies the medication if we do not pay on time. I do not bear that I thinks about the event for the father I that event. 
The family that we are the member has the condition living that is very poor. To pay yuan 380 minimum my mother only welfare and he has the diabetes. The worker the retirement is my father the plant coke. Pays over yuan 1,000 the just bit him only also. I do the odd job in the factory and I do not contribute to to insure the medicine or the pension even any. My sister elder works on the odd job also. She does not contribute to the pension or to insure the medicine any also. The father I soon. Burdens I the family that is very heavy the family that we are the member can rely on the thing that pays my father for that it survives now we do not afford high such that the hospital costs absolute. 
Be temporally at the incident 6 day of before now. The citizen right we that it knows some thing as the victim. 
First The perpetrator from unknown. Unknown is the condition of the family that they are the member, the finance condition and their. 
(2) When does submit the case to procuratorate unknown? . When does initiate to prosecute public unknown? 
(3) we hope for the perpetrator cooperate the activity he, he acts practically and for working on that he saves the life of my father the first. 
(4) we request that we meets with the person who he is the parent the perpetrator. 
We hope for that the news media can help that we and it saves the life of my father of the kind heart with the joint us. 
We ask to it coordinate with it, it is flexible and for it activates the card that insures medicine of my father and it saves their life the department of the governmental organization also. 
Repays the bureau that insures the medicine that the medicine costs all after to out the court verdict. 
Thanks the resident the city and the media for to concern and that and shows us this incident 1,000,000. I wish that you of all persons of the kind heart has the peace life. 
The son the victim. 
What? 
Faints. Collapses the system of the society morality about to. To tear down everything and to start it that is again all over. Sighs. 
Manhunt. Post the picture about the bunch of the perpetrator. 
The tragedy. 
The society that is so turbulent. 
Not something that you do casually possible is the good person real nowadays. 
I hope for that the perpetrator can assume the responsible he thing. 
Not something that you do casually possible real is the good person nowadays. I hope for that the perpetrator can assume the responsible he thing. 
To sentence they all to to imprison they for the life and let's see does that they pay? 
The poor old man. Sticks he to the era of learns from Lei Feng still. The mess is the society today. 
The good person is tough. 
The good person is tough. 
Punish severely. It looks like that we must mind my business we. 
It is legal as long as can achieve 3 hour the sunshine. 
Most of the buildings that rises high that spaces meter 100 can achieve that certain. 
Can achieve the sunshine for 3 hour from morning to night certainly. 
Most of the issues the sunlight that the man, the woman and elderly raise do not oppose the nation thing the requirement indeed that and complains about it not reasonable mere that the discomfort for and that and perceives results. 
They persist the not reasonable thing that they demand still even if that the thing that the court judges confirms that the developer does not oppose the law. 
Is replied to Light-and-shadow-hero in the tenth floor. 
The technical term is 3 hour the sunshine. Needs to analyze the sunlight. Relates setback spacing to to space the sunshine and also thickness of the floor. Coefficient that is from 1 to 1.40 that spaces the sunshine can meet to require 3 hour the sunshine Day of Great Cold in Taizhou. We want the developer does the job with the law and he clarifies that to analyze the sunshine shows to can meet the nation minimum thing the requirement. 
But that the thing that you say is reasonable somewhat also. Most of the persons do not accept the minimum standard. They have the good reason that causes that they asks to more the sunlight. But that too this developer is strong. So difficult is secures the legitimate minimum interest that conforms to to regulate nation even for we although we want secure just. 
Guanxi,  the operation and of the alas! 
I remain to poise I. 
Too many of the issue now about China. Does too few the good official cause that? 
The developer wants that he makes more money always. We have the building that does not pull in the down so far although be temporally at it that CCTV exposes it here. So the developer is powerful. 
Quotes the thing that all owners in the first floor Pengxinlidu Building No. 14 word the following. 
Welcomes netizen, the media and all to that and looks at this matter. Let's see the power instead of the law, the law instead of the power, for the official in hometown of the general secretary Hu, when he deals with the matter about the big developer or ultimate. 
Have you the power the legislative or the power the enforcement that is uh! ? 
The old man who exercises on morning helps up the drunk man, to mistake he for the thief and to beat up he bad and in Zhenjiang in Jiangsu. 
5 young man who works on the chef for Zhenjiang Hotel stroll the street after to down several 1 bottle beers on 2 morning. 
Ji who is within the man squats upon the step of the stone of the facility that stops the bus. 
The old man Mr. Yang from Zhenjiang between 60 year 70 year old passes by when he exercises on morning. He asks to that Ji goes to the home soon him, hold out he his hand for helping up him then and after that he sees that. 
But that that Ji mistakes the old man Mr. Yang for that he wants that he steals their thing causes that he batters him with the violence with Wu and Ma immediately for injures he serious-02. 
All murderers go after the head. 
I think that they means that they kills him. 
The news late is the victim Mr. Yang passes away around September 13, 2011 9:00:00 a.m.. The perpetrator remains under to detain perpetrate for criminal. 
But to do not close this incident yet. Mandatory. 
Both sides the involvement post the thing the comment that have-relevance to this thread about this incident. They are in the seventy-fourth thing the posting and the seventy-seventh thing the posting. 
The letter from the family that the victim is the member. 
I like to that I thanks the person of the kind heart for that he calls the police immediately first of all. I like to that I thanks the public security authority for that it captures the perpetrator with the prompt also. 
My father rides their bicycle to Gucheng Park for the exercise on September 1 morning as usual. 
That he sees as someone that lies in the side of the road in Jiuli Street causes that he goes to up for he checks up on someone and he asks to that someone goes to the home soon someone kind he. 
3 persons run to he, he kicks him, he beats him and then. 
The police says that they drinks 4 case of the beer the time. 
Results in to injure the skull of my father serious. To bleed he profusely and he loses the consciousness. Dilates his pupil when takes he into the hospital already. 
Anyway that he survives that that the doctor rescues him with the prompt causes. 
To bleed serious causes that the doctor performs the surgery that saves their life for cutting off the piece of the skull the head of my father. 
To bleed profusely causes that some the blood flows already to its stem and the bottom of the brain that endangers his life. 
The very serious condition is my father now right. 
He undergoes craniotomy for 5 hour on September 1. He has tracheotomy, to use the respirator to that it helps that he breathes him and on September 2. 
Not he is conscious still the current. 
He is capable for that he moves his arm and his foot sometimes, he shows that he signals that he recovers and after that the hospital treats him for few 1 day this. 
We feel very terrible now because we are my child. 
Be temporally at the incident 6 day of before now. The perpetrator gives yuan 10,000 the final that the police advises him. We deliver the money to the hospital already. 
Spends on that bills for the medicine about almost yuan 50,000 now. We do not know the time that we get the money that we pay for the future that bills for the medicine possible. 
We receive the thing that reminds that we pays us from the hospital now already. 
The hospital stops that it supplies the medication if we do not pay on time. Not I am capable for that I bears that I thinks the event for the father I that event. 
The family that we are the member has the condition that is very poor that it lives. To pay yuan 380 only minimum my mother welfare and he has the diabetes. 
The retiree that works for the plant coke that he is my father. Pays over yuan 1,000 the only bit him also. 
I do the odd job in the factory and to do not contribute to to insure the medicine for me or the pension even any. 
My sister elder works on the odd job also. She does not contribute to the pension or to insure the medicine for her any also. 
The father I soon. Burdens I the family that is very heavy. 
The family that we are the member relies on the thing that pays my father for that it survives possible only now. We do not afford that the hospital costs high such absolute. 
Be temporally at the incident 6 day of before now. The citizen right we that we knows some the thing as the victim. 
First Unknown the perpetrator from amr unknown. Unknown is the condition of the family that they are the member and unknown is his finance condition. 
(2) When does submit the case to procuratorate unknown? . When does initiate to prosecute public unknown? 
(3) we hope for the perpetrator cooperate the activity he, he acts practically and for working on to save the life of my father the first. 
(4) we request that we meets with the person who he is the parent the perpetrator. 
We hope for that the news media can help that we and it saves the life of my father of the kind heart with the joint us. 
We ask to it coordinate with it, it is flexible and for it activates their card that insures the medicine for my father and it saves their life the department of the governmental organization also. 
Repays the bureau that insures the medicine that the medicine costs all after to out the court verdict. 
Is thanked the resident the city and the media for to concern that and shows us this incident 1,000,000. 
Him is wished that all persons you of the kind heart lives with the peace. 
The son the victim. 
Develops late. 
Not conscious is Mr. Yang old, the critical condition is him, still, the current and about the victim. 
The person who is the member in the family that the old man Mr. Yang is the member says to dilate the pupil that he teaches already when sends he to the hospital by he is tearing. Transfers he to the unit that cares intensively after that it treats him emergency. 
Is added up that the medicine costs alone to as much as more than yuan 5,000 time per 1 day. 
The police that is Jingkou of Zhenjiang detains 3 men for criminal about the perpetrator. 
After that 3 persons pays yuan 10,000 that totals that the medicine costs. 
The family that Ma is the member raises yuan 10,000 recently again for paying for the surgery. 
We hope for that the perpetrator is capable for he shows that he resolves to that he takes on responsible he and he faces the mistake he that he commits by he is being serious hereby. 
Not Mr. Yang old is capable for that he provides the information about the event the incident about the family that the victim is the member because still non toxic conscious state is him. 
Anyway that it does not suffice that he pays for that the medicine costs that increases sharply every 1 day the current obvious that 3 perpetrators pays yuan 10,000 that totals that he compensates. 
Does to punish such affect him of to deter the perpetrator if the thing that limits the time that detains for criminal? 
That the medicine costs the future? 
Yang hopes for that it gets the legal assistance and the media assists it. 
The incident the association. 
The writer does not help to recall the case touch porcelain 2 year of before now when comes out this incident. 
All cases that resembles the case to accuse the owner that helps to get she to up the old lady who lies in the ground the vehicle of that he knocks down her raise about the huge uproar across the town. 
I doubt the frequency such incident even sometimes. The alive gets to live looks like the fiction really. 
The society makes that you feels that you scares that pains you always. Countless of the reason that makes that the person curses seems always per 1 day. 
Let's much. Let's pray for the person the injury and we hope for to punish the perpetrator. 
Does hold responsible he that that the perpetrator says poor is him causes just? 
What dares samaritan is amr unknown the future? 
Important is saves the alive. 
Any solution. Assist legal. 
The law show its might. 
To initiate to prosecute public takes 30 day. Withers the even day lily by then. 
This does not concern samaritan or not samaritan actual. Many the drunkards lose its consciousness and to get it to the fit it drunken. 
You must see the person whom it you. You call tel: 120 just if not you are capable for that you handles. Sighs! when you want that you helps. 
Should punish the person who commits the crime after that he drinks severely still. The chaos if everyone pretends the drunk is everyone and everyone bashes other if no thing. 
That one should do the evil but that one should do good nowadays. 
Such cup. 
The old man looks at the trouble. He should keep to distance he from it after that he sees that drunkard. 
Does everyone agree to construct the building that rises high not legal? 
The event that is strange such in hometown of the general secretary Hu who we love now. 
Shenzhen Maoye Developer comes to Hailing District in Taizhou City in Jiangsu Province for constructing, my person welcomes it and is the thing. 
We do not oppose to construct the building that rises high. But that the developer constructs the building that rises high with no law. We oppose that resolutely. 
Maoye Developer plans the building that rises high that is meter 150 in the lot Julangchao of East Station old in Hailing District in Taizhou City. 
The park of the east suburb is Julangchao that many the persons who is within the old person in Taizhou feel the great affection. 
To locate Pengxinlidu Building No. 14 just the back of the lot Julangchao and it is in about meter 100 only of the external wall of the original building in its end that is far now. 
How does the developer meet to require of him nation for setback building that bases on to space from 1 to 1.40 sunshine minimum in Taizhou? 
How does the developer ensure at least 3 hour the sunshine The Day of Great Cold that excepts other thing that shelters the sunshine? 
It is not feasible if they want that they cheats on 3 hour technically certain. 
The plain fact is in in front of we just. The only capable that it analyzes the sunshine in China entity is few those entities. 
We verify it certain. The thing the lie does not become the truth ever. 
How does the developer explain to the society, the vast community of netizen and the mass reasonable fair if he does not give at least 3 hour to we of the owner even The Day of the Great Cold that accords with the thing that requires of him nation that ensures their good interest him? 
Who is the conscience, moral and of the developer in? 
Anyway that it supposes to to benefit legitimate that we understands that the developer wants that he gets that more benefits. 
Detrimental to the reputation of the entire group Maoye and to develop it the future long is acts such if it infringes on the interest of other person with no law but. But the fool is all persons the interest the infringement. 
Do they let the infringement just? 
Difficult is accepts at least 3 hour already. What do you think how does the thing evolve? if acts not legal basic that lessens 3 hour fundamental even? 
The contradiction lastly is intensified that makes to do not control about the situation that binds. 
We hope for the developer thinks about this issue serious, he avoids that he loses and he seeks their legal interest by is developing he reasonable rational that conforms to the law. 
We are united in one sure for defending the right we, my interest and legitimate if the developer is determined for that he infringes on and. 
Strange is some person who ranks high agrees to construct the building that rises high not legal even. We request he raises about his hand and he gives the way to out to us from the person who ranks high who agrees to construct the building that rises high not legal earnest hereby. 
Welcomes netizen, the media and all to that and looks at this matter. Let's see the power instead of the law, the law instead of the power, ultimate, for the person who is the official in hometown of the general secretary Hu or when he deals with the matter about the big developer. 
Is welcomed netizen all to that netizen looks at this matter. 
I say the hello to everyone. 
The issue the building the thing that it renders before the sale of Maoye that rises high and to assess to impact the environment from the governmental organization Taizhou Municipal Environmental Protection Bureau causes the young person, the old person and in Pengxinlidu Building No. 14 do not sleep well and and does not eat well previously. To depress some and to irritate some. We feel very angry in short. 
The governmental organization Taizhou Municipal Planning Bureau answers us to render that simple clear now. the governmental organization Planning Bureau requests that he modifies from the developer when it verifies. the governmental organization Bureau administrate definite that conforms to the law and it does not approve anything ever if not, legal, reasonable, fair and is anything. Holds the forum and the hearing prior to the approval also. Drops the large stone in my heart to the ground the final. 
To stand the leader the governmental organization Taizhou Municipal Government, the leader the governmental organization Taizhou Municipal Planning Bureau and my by is swaying and when and faces to benefit that is huge such moves us and and shows the sentiment of very the noble, and reflects that Communist is characteristic for that and serves to the person and admirable truly. 
All owners Pengxinlidu Building No. 14 express to respect and deep and the gratitude that deep the governmental organization Taizhou Municipal Government and the governmental organization Taizhou Municipal Planning Bureau hereby that that and upholds the justice causes. The official is happy for the person who lives in Taizhou. 
We thank the government for that the person concerns it. We support that it administrate that conforms to the law the strength. 
All persons of Pengxinlidu Building No. 14. 
July 29, 2011. 
I hope for that the developer does not come for competing with we for the sunlight. How do we live with no sunlight? 
Welcomes netizen, the media and all to that and looks at this matter. Let's see the power instead of the law, the law instead of the power, ultimate, for the person who is the official in hometown of the general secretary Hu or when he deals with the matter about the big developer. That we of the ordinary person that resembles the dog shit in this society discusses that the power or the law is superior is ridiculous. 
I feel good really for that. Uh oh! 
Who is For what ? the law instead of the power for? 
The powerful person executes final. 
We of the vulnerable group feels at a loss we the thing that we do in the real world real so often. Too great is the power of the developer. 
Some the department of the governmental organization that have-relevance gives the green light to the developer with blatant just with no law and it helps that he fools the person him. 
Is caused that we must ask that the law that this country enacts is useful real us frequent. 
It is capable for that it restrains the developer from he grabs with the deceit or to force and he obtains the beneficial with no law real. 
But that we does not watch that the developer takes away my sunlight that leaves that the child and elderly shivers the home on winter just. We do not live the healthy life, we do not enjoy that the sun is warm and if so. 
Japan thinks that it invades China long. Does it need that Russia assigns to it for deciding invade? . Does US act against its only politics system? . No still enough is fools Russia after 1991. 
The weapon market in South Asia dominates the hairy country. The weapon market that is Russia occupies the major portion still although the weapon market that is US weakens it. 
Russia does not use the country in South China Sea to that it besieges China deliberately. 
You know that US tries to that it causes the trouble instead of that Russia tries to that it causes it also if you look at the chaos in East China Sea and South China Sea despite even that you thinks with your ass. 
First no country with the sea power is Russia. Does not interest it in it intervenes in the issue East China Sea and South China Sea and it meddles in it. 
(2) to expand it and to extrude NATO causes that Russia can protect its traditional zone that it influences with hardly the present. We can say that it is busy for the affair it enough. 
To produce Asia-Pacific Military Cooperation, NATO and all for the strategy of US of 2 oceans the present. 
2 systems after World War I. One is the thing Versailles System in Europe and Atlantic and other is the thing US-Japanese Washington System in Far East and Pacific. 
To stretch US 2 oceans and it controls about 2 systems the same time. 
It takes that it controls about 2 systems respective, it castrates Germany in Europe, Japan that lives by it is helping that US manufactures the electronic product and the automobile product stays in alone in Asia and that causes the hermaphrodite is it and it and after World War II. 
Such large geopolitics power in Old World for example, Russia and China is the enemy that is big US now. 
To continue to expand NATO to the east still but that Russia does not estrange from West that calls so about the ideology system and the politics system. 
Asia-Pacific Military Cooperation sets up the line that blocks it and the ring that encircles around the coast region in East China and South China and now. 
Does not succeed in the coup in Central Asia. Does not succeed in the coup in Central Asia. 
Do you believe that China can befriend US as long as it changes its ideology and its system still? 
That it and it needs that and heals that to disintegrate Soviet Union and the savage hegemony of US wounds and causes that it allies China with Russia. 
Means that realizes to trust mutually is solves to dispute the territory the existence important. china concedes great of course. No other thing the choice. 
Russia does not have the policy that it reforms to that it opens up and the good future that does not resemble China in fact. That China seizes this precious opportunity the historical turn point but that 2 idiots ruins it the critical moment in Russia. It shows that the person that is Russia is inferior for the person that is China relative about the quotient about intelligent and the quotient about the emotion also. 
The bare foot is the person that is Russia causes that he does not fear China that shoes. 
China has the enough of the reason that causes that it concedes to Russia. china does not fear. china has many the opportunities and it approaches other. 
We should turn it from the country that it is my enemy although Russia is not my friend. 
Should equate Russia with Japan. 
The people that is China opines that he hates it the equal quantity in the sentiment of the ordinary country person if it wants that Russia kills the country person in the traditional activity area of the country that resembles that Japan does onlily. But that they does not. 
The only case that they kills the person that is China with the wanton when ends the dynasty Tsing Dynasty. Hailanpao Slaughter the disputable. 
The just proportion that is small is the multiple 1,000 or the multiple 10,000. 
Can ignore it even if compares it with nearly 400,000,000 populations that is China. Does equate it with that Japan massacres the person that is China in the north, the southeast, its and the population? 
Russia in Europe focuses on West strategy besides. It does not focus on Far East ever. 
The person that is Russia should strive to that he constructs Far East if he wants that he takes China as the arch enemy that it is it he seriously real. 
But it continues that it abandons Far East that its serious problem causes, many the cities become the heap of the ruin and nowadays. 
It shows that Russia focuses on West strategically that addresses to expand NATO. The only traitor advocates the relation China hostile it here. 
US threatens to China, it impacts it, great and in its core area with especially. 
The reason is simple. The country in Europe is Russia. That it does not focus on Far East but the country in Asia-Pacific is US. 
Do you know the theory about controls about the sea? . Does US or Russia influence the issue Taiwan Straits,  South China Sea and Far East nowadays? . us. This proves clear. 
Do you think no territory is the territory water? . Values the territory water strategic economy modernly than values the land territory strategic economy. One can become the power the strength and to have that one says to the international community by one is controlling about the sea only. 
What? 
Russia has the serious problem nowadays. Quite obsolete is its armament and adverse extreme is the condition that lives its people. The population faces the sharp reduction. 
That all nation elite knows not hopeful the home country causes that they runs to abroad. 
To marry the woman foreign becomes the common practice and many the women come to China and she prostitutes herself. 
Lacks productive even the population serious. It does not constitute that it threatens China. 
US besieges China, it contains it, open and for disrupting it and nowadays. 
What? 
The story another that resembles that Japan does is Russia occupies the territory of China. That Japan wants that it invades China whole but does invade? 
The country in Europe that focuses on West strategically instead of the country that focuses on Far East is Russia. Not the government, the government, part, also and is expands it to Far East the history. 
The only strait separates Japan from China and Pacific spacious is in the behind it. Does not menace it from the rear if it invades China by it is being strong all. Does Russia do that? 
Does it ignore the affair in Europe even if that Russia puts the energy that is more the little bit on the issue China and Far East? 
We prefer that we says that Russia avails itself of the opportunity over that we says it invades the territory of China and it occupies it. 
That place is in far to away from of the traditional area for the alive of China that. It explores late the little bit that. Few the persons inhabit around that place the history. 
The cold bitter place the coverage the deep for the waist snow is that place that time. Causes that we does not heed them. 
Important great is this place when now comes strategic economy anyway. But that we does not discover that that time. Causes the even person who rules over China heeds the place, he does not send the immigrant to it quite long and that time. 
Resembles the ocean today. To value it huge economy causes also important territory is the territory water from the perspective today. 
But to do not discover they the past. To do not regard the territory water as the territory. They exercise that they prohibits the trade even in the sea area and they close the coastline. 
Anyway that the person that is Russia avails himself of the favorable geology location for occupying that place. The person that is Russia avails himself of the opportunity just. 
The big power establishes the colony everywhere that time. Does not resemble today that the international law binds that all countries behaves. 
It must capture the colony with the war it other big power. For example. 
But that the person that is Russia gets the place that is big such by is make-an-effort much. That the person who rules over China does not care for the place that does not explore causes. 
They avail them of the opportunity just. To talk about the thing for example, the territory is hard. 
Can justify it if it is your imminent activity area. 
But that that the time goes causes that that after is hard the certain time if it is the place that you do not send the immigrant for exploring it the history and other takes it that the favorable geographical location and to access convenient causes. 
That you claims that you owns it passes bare possible. This differs from Japan total. Does Russia launch the barbaric aggression war it for occupying the imminent territory of China by is resembling that it does? 
Does it provoke the thing invades its northeast and it launches the aggression war it China all out that that it becomes its imminent territory that resembles its north the large number of the immigrant the inside the pass Shanhaiguan Pass arrives and he explores causes? . It. 
The opinion the writer Wuhan Tuo La Ji Shou in the upper floor is brilliant. Anyway to do align it with the history fact if reverses to order to subjugate the nation and to eliminate entire the race? 
Russia clamor that it builds India into the power of the top military in Asia now right. putin seals the deal of sells the arm personal for selling the advanced weapon for example, the aircraft carrier, the submarine that the nucleus powers, T50 the fight and the missile BrahMos to India. The advanced than the weapon that it sells to China even weapon that it sells to Vietnam. It sells the big airplane, the carrier aircraft and only to China. Exposes its wild ambition thoroughly. 
The pity is the nation scum that Soviet Union supports is the present dynasty. The folk grass roots can do else if prevails over the yellow person that is Russia. 
That all persons that is China hates the person that is Japan seems and to do not except I from him. But does that everybody think over that Russia stirs up the war China Japan that that it fears that it reclaims the territory from it causes? . russia goes from Communist Party to KMT also and it is capable for to succeed with one way or other way. It stirs up the civil war then, it lures China to involve it Korean War and when ends the war for the resistance. More troubles China if Stalin lives still. 
China concerns it still even if that it props up the agent in it. It continues that it plays the little trick that provokes the sentiment that opposes China on. It sells the weapon to Vietnam and it checks it and it seizes the cargo of the merchant that is China. So numerous is the crime it that causes to exhaust the bamboo strip before to can record its all crimes. 
Regrets that my government deals with the thing of such kind with the way the different. Have condition that Mr. Qin Gang and Ms. Jiangyu states the condemnation absolute severe just that calls so that U.S. or Japan does so. Anyway to do not present to protest that Russia shoots the boatman that is China even. It becomes the incident that does not result definite on 2009. 
Russia threatens to to subjugate the nation that is great. The equal number of the country that this nation eliminates the history. The north threaten geography almost all moreover the history of China. 
Japan threatens to that it eliminates entire the race that is great. Indelible is the seed that the nation hates. To conflict over the territory, to massacre and when discharges with the accident. 
Us threatens to that D (unintelligible) falls that is great. That the ideology but dramatic causes that US treats D (unintelligible) the dictations all in the world as the thing that it removes the target. 
But to do not need that that he claims the territory any worries. 
Eu threatens the economy that is great. eu takes the opportunity that China conflicts with US over the trade or the right the human frequent for grabbing the large portion of the market and it squeezes the surplus value. It becomes that it partners with us about the trade that is big now. 
I think quite adverse is the geopolitics environment of China personal. But that Russia threatens that the floor person who hosts says just real. 
The floor person who hosts is welcomed. 
Do you want that you gets that blog your, your shop online and everything about you is popular for the internet? . We can help that you achieves this all you. 
To develop the internet makes very convenient is the thing a lot nowadays. Much of the company and the enterprise attend to online of and that to increase the user the internet causes. 
The image. That the news that neg about the company or the enterprise spreads fast than the positive news but. The slash to do not manage about it difficult is deletes it when spreads out it. 
The news that neg in the internet. To market in online or to publicize in online. Please contact for the detail. 
The number 534,446,433 that is QQ. 
Tel: 18,701,954,600. 
I come for supporting it. 
Do you think that Russia is capable for to do that still nowadays? 
Have condition the people loses its faith for it and to can avoid that to ally US with Russia divides the territory of China the near future hardly that it continues that it tolerates the government the corruption instead of that Communist Party of China puts its practical interest on the first. 
Can foresee they put his hand on the country that neighbor us and they instigate to pressure my country from all sides. The governmental organization that Communist Party runs does not claim that it is strong. Now that you are the wise plays. 
It stirs up the war it Japan and the civil war it and Russia is capable for that it forces China to that it sends the troop to North Korea. No sense. 
It opines the relation China big in the world United States, the relation it it trade off and for it. 
Is discussed that US cooperate with China in the economy that benefits it and it mutual primary when Xi Jinping visits with it recently that exercises before that he becomes the top official whom is in it. 
Very complicates the relation China US. 2 sides partner with the economy with the footing that does not equal. 
It is the relation socialism the capitalism politically. The military that is China and the military that is US are in the state the isolation with the military. 
Is caused that China plays the game against United States the current that means the thing that it offsets 2 latter relations to cooperate in the economy. 
The main strategy of Xi Jinping visits with US is analyzed next briefly. 
Who does first puzzle China and US that is big? 
Is puzzled China with the thing that maintains the relation it US that is big because it becomes that it is powerful the increasingly. 
China opines that it and US does not fall out. 
To fall-out consumes that it is strong seriously, very do not fall-out favor to develop it the future and if China and US falls out. 
That China loses the situation that develops it international with the peace that causes that it must cope with US threatens powerful-02 military and also relation in the area that neighbor the complication it causes. This consumes the energy of China for developing it serious. 
That it premises that that it must maintain the relation it US still China but precaution it against the dirty trick that it plays on it it on that it and it does not fall out causes. 
(2) no time that US is tough yet. 
Some believes that China should be tough for US. Is someone that yields to hawkishness US? 
It races US to the hegemony the country era tough and so that causes that it and it becomes the enemy and that provides it to the opportunity about breaks up it with Soviet Union thoroughly. 
That US does not need that USSR exists as the great power causes it attacks it, to tackle it and by it is hesitating any. 
The road is the road that China goes the present that 2 sides intertwine that causes that US suffers from that it loses great it attacks it and it imposes the thing that it sanctions it on it also. 
To come out many the businesses person in US in that he opposes that the government behaves also. china can rise true as long as it can keep on for 10 year. 
He can afford that the gentleman waits for that he avenges for as long as 10 year that the ancient thing the saying goes. china puts itself on the position of very the disadvantage if it and the country fall out early too. 
No time yet that we battle US final although we are strong today. 
(3) 2 phases that the relation China US goes. 
Does not advise on to fight for the major war about China deals with US. 
The author believes that 2 sides can undergo 2 only phases. The first period is the period that sees to grow that China is strong and US feels to threaten it serious. 
The second stage that China becomes that it is strong and US knows that it wins the war it it from it that causes that it must cooperate for obtaining to benefit it no longer. 
Important extreme is carries out that 2 people exchanges appears for avoiding the war China US. 
Let's look at the thing that to survey the thing that the person that is America views China results next. 
That the website that is US polls about the opinion shows the person who is within 6 percent pf the person believes to ally China with it, the person who is within 69 percent pf him thinks that that it and it is friendly but to do not ally it with it and the person who is within 4 percent pf him believes that it is my enemy the enemy. 
That the thing that the survey results shows that the person who is within 71 percent pf the country person believes very important, important somewhat or is the relation China United States also but that the person who is within 85 percent pf the leader opining believes or. 
Washington Post says that the person who is within 52 percent pf the person the response sees China as the way that neg in polls about the opinion that it and American Broadcasting Company conducts with the joint on 14. 
This thing the result reflects 2 urgent issues. First, not China is bad that the mind the person that is America and the environment, the scope and still continue to expand the exchange. 
(2) can turn the people that is China and the people that is America from hostile if it and it do not handle the relation and properly and and lacks that and communicates the foundation or the friendship. 
Is caused and enhances that it cooperate with it, and closes by is cooperate in the economy, the people that is China and the people that is United States and for offsetting the discrepancy that the military and the politics bring. 
But to do not deny that that China conflicts with US over some the important area serious remains. 
For example. 
Does not overcome to puzzle this with 2 alone friendships character. Involves to interest major it after all. 
Causes it is no secret to 2 sides. china can count on the country that it is my geopolitics enemy that resembles that the vice president Xi Jinping counts on US to that it opposes that Taiwan and Tibet does not depend. 
All persons who knows the thing that stakes who is the nation president master the politics. But that the thing that the recommendation. Say breaks its word if US says something and it does not something that shows not it is moral and it does not count the person in the world. 
The country that strategize good and the country that comes up with the strategy that is sophisticated win among China and US the future anyway. 
To befriend the enemy requires the wise. You can fight for 100 wars only by is defeating you if you know you and the enemy you only well. 
To view this tells the fact about one earns that one respects by one is developing the military force us. 
The cannon is thicker. 
To befriend the enemy requires the wise. You can fight for 100 wars only by you are defeating if you know you and the enemy you only well. 
The chairman Mao says to beat it if backward is the slash he she the long time of before now. Important the override is develops only. 
Does have-fun it? . Anyway you go after that you shakes the hand with they and you look at to slap that they orders the dog that they feed the home that it barks to you. 
Does have-fun it? . Anyway you go after that you shakes the hand with they yet and you look at to slap that they orders the dog that they feed the home that it barks to you. 
The person that is China is brainwash the person that is America on behalf brainwash. 
Brainwash the person that is China the person that is America on behalf brainwash. 
The system that is America is superior or the system that is China is superior after all. 
I think that Taiwan and the mainland distinguishes superior relative or the inferiority recommending already. The person who starts the thread should look at the outside the country. 
That you looks but that you does not see the chaos in the society of ZG or you are blind voluntary you. 
I feel more the modern traitors than the traitor World War II it China also. 
Everyone has the eye. Look at the situation that lives in North Korea and South Korea. Do you understand still? 
The venture is exchanged. 
That I cares for me is good enough. That I senses the righteousness compels me when the country needs me. 
The squad the firing executes him already if this traitor China exists before now around between 50 year 60 year. 
Have condition that you concludes mandatory. 
I do not have the time for going that I searches. 
I wish that LZ explains them one by one. 
That his properties, the families that they are the member and all is in the outside the country causes that they does of course that resembles the official. 
That I senses the righteousness compels me when the country needs me. 
I can look just and I dare that I does not speak about the mind I. The police can grab the person. That I admires him that that he dares that he speaks causes to the person who starts the thread. The bump! 
It should attend to the capitulator that betrays China of this kind actual the authority the rule. 
The comrade Deng Xiaoping says to do not overthrow Communist Party and the person who is in it brings down it if it falls once. 
Mr. Huntsman who is the ambassador in China in US formerly says we raise about 800,000 spokespersons in it and the country person topple it once in the speech in it. 
The governmental organization CIA uses the subsidy that is yuan 8,000,000 time per 1 year to that it helps this domestic elite that calls so then and it vows that it wants that it lets that it raises about the wind for making the wave. The citizen needs to alert it to this definite and mandatory. 
Many that senses the urgency when many watches the thing that the thing develops by many is being quiet. You are the dragon that coils. You are the tiger that crouches. I admire the patriot that mind noble. 
Does the history give too many of the lesson to us? . 530, 412 and 64. 
Looks. 
The ordinary person suffers. Still fish that salts is it even if to turn the body of the fish that salts to over. 
To call the person the slave of foreign, to accuse he of he reveres the foreign thing and it fascinates him, if he expresses that he views that differs somewhat and he criticizes that differs slight or about free the slash the speaking the putative. 
They is the traitor China is considered more that tyrannizes the culture that cloaks in the nationalism and the patriotism. 
That it achieves to result in that it defeats the soldier who he is my enemy by it is fighting causes that US needs that it uses the force to that it deals with China no longer in fact. 
Too the article is intense. So United States is good. 
You do not assume that it exists if your eye does not see the thing and your ear does not hear it. 3 persons create the tiger. 
To pass by just and to look. I do not express the opinion I. 
Comes for the study and the learning. 
Very attracts. 
Should advocate it vigorously. 
Some person does not forget the person that is China is him. That I senses the righteousness compels me if the country needs me. 
I hate that eater of that dog that drinks it that so whatever is America that but eat and it the thing that is China especially really. Go that you finds the father you not legitimate if so America is good. 
That I feels more my people should learn from DPRK and to need to hold the banner of socialism but to do not forget the thing that Mao Zedong thinks. 
The only thing that Mao Zedong thinks can save the nation. 
Too many of the traitor China. 
The bottom line is the patriotism. Mandatory. 
I think that no that elite but to bribe some the official the corruption. 
Remove this group of the jerk. 
I look just. 
We need vigilant because so many of the traitor the history of China. 
We must prevent the dog runner the betrayal that he collude with the imperialism that is West we also because the chaos in East Africa and North Africa. 
Everything has his set number. No time that changes the weather in China. The traitor barks only madly that resembles the dog and else nothing. Can disappoint they only. 
The person comes from all directions to the court that is China before no long. Leads the world. The heaven intends to this. 
Follows with the interest. 
China modern specializes in this just and we can do the nothing. 
Too many of the traitor is within my compatriot. 
Free the speaking is relative. We need that we accounts for the nation condition. 
Free the slash the speaking the putative. To call he the slave of foreign, to accuse he of he reveres the foreign thing and it fascinates him or if the person expresses to view that it differs somewhat and he puts that he criticizes that differs slight. 
I like to that I asks the dad him is the person who is within that person who mentions above the person who this. 
That we welcomes it to that it joins Military Fans'Alliance that has the group number 181,729,561 that is QQ to the fan about the affair the military that the armament and the quality of the military clothing fascinate that wants that you becomes the soldier that but that you does not succeed in become that the various reason causes. He adheres to the system in it, patriotic is him, he modifies their group business card to that it is consistent for the format of other person and the person who enters the group. The male may enter it only this group that causes that we asks to that Please you leaves that you volunteer you if to do not conform you, to do not ally you with us and you do not follow the system in it. 
The support and to bump. 
We all descends from the emperor Yan and Huang who have-org-role the critical moment. 
To look at that Kuomintang cooperate with Communist that year and you know. 
To create ruckus does not influence into to cooperate with everybody the war the peaceful year. 
It can compete with the article from Cultural Revolution by it is magnifying the problem for it becomes the question about the principle or the ideology line by it is buttoning the hat. 
The fifth column terrifies the person who interests in Communist Party the vestment of the good thing. 
Its nation culture the tool is the language and the writing first of all if you want that you destroys the people. Mandatory. 
The turn. 
You are the dragon that coils and you are the tiger that crouches. The sense it. You wait for the opportunity. 
That it reaches to result in that it defeats the soldier who he is my enemy by it is fighting causes that US needs that it uses the force to that it deals with China no longer in fact. 
The yes. Many the slaves of foreign. The time that we should renovate. 
The authority the rule should attend to the capitulator that betrays China of this kind actual. the comrade Deng Xiaoping says to do not overthrow Communist Party and to bring down it from it if it falls once. mr. Huntsman who is the ambassador in US in China formerly says we raise about 800,000 spokespersons in it and the country person topple it once in the speech in it and the governmental organization CIA uses the subsidy that is yuan 8,000,000 time per 1 year to that it helps the domestic elite that calls so then and it vows that it wants that it allows it raises about the wind for making the wave. The citizen needs to alert it to this and it does not let that the outsider uses us definite. 
The reason that I say I see the suggestion the expert person before now for several 1 day and I see the disciple of Wang Jingwei is him by I am glimpsing. 
The society that is West allows that this person sees that the democracy is fair and the justice is it dawns. 
That too to develop the politics in domestic is slow true causes to do not avoid that the person the advanced the bit ideology criticizes develop. Do we blame other for this? 
Not proper is to bribe someone. 
Selfish is all persons and the reality is gray often also. 
It becomes that the person views some the activity ZF the propaganda as the thing that jokes soon. 
Wrong that they criticizes the propaganda previously that stupefies the bit in this environment. 
We do not look over to account for the war Japan previously that calls so old. 
Look at North Korea that resembles my country before now many 1 year. Look at his ridiculous propaganda. 
To do not stop that United States dreams about that it occupies the whole world ever and to plan it with the constant. 
The kind intense more and more thing the feeling this day. america succeeds in to set up the column that is fifth by is bribing the intellectual elite that is China long already. 
This person can consider himself for the culture celebrity or he can have the high authority and the important position, the distribution in the various circle in the society and he takes the great pain for he promotes the value that is America and he brainwash the person that is China the country person on behalf brainwash. 
What? 
That I reads the part of blog Specialist Professor causes this day. That that I does not read it is okay but that it surprises me really after read. 
For example that the politics intent many blog that is within blog their is obvious extreme. 
For example. 
For example another. First her stuff does not resemble the thing for example, the treatise Haite Sexology Report. (2) she does not think deep. (3) she does not contribute significant. 
She relies on to do something novel the different and the viewpoint the shock for that she attracts the eye of the person main with not, she is capable real, she learns or that rely but. she is the pure clown the jump. 
The person of this kind puts on the hat of the big specialist for intimidating the person. Anyway that she does not understand the politics yet that it concerns her, anyway she is the arrogance and she is overbearing that she will she is the slave for foreign and anyway that she feels that she is fine that she is ignorant is key. 
For example. 
She attributes that the society that is China worships the money to the atheism in the essay that title that it becomes the country that worships the money in the earth already. 
She blathers that the student Paul becomes the terrorist in the essay that title does that you study him or Bill? 
She takes that the citizen publishes the pornographic novel as free the speaking, she says that the drive Beijing to oppose the pornography behaves with no constitution and in the essay that title to shall establish the constitutional court for solving the problem about the pornography product. 
She cries several of the person whom the governmental organization Beijing City deals whom suspects to involve he the activity the erotic business that is again once with the foul, she details the list of the erotic product that causes that intends to to publicize for other person deep and in especially masterpiece today that title to what? 
But preposterous really is blog Sina puts the jerky article of this kind on the top actual. 
Also poet Liu Shahe that is Shichuan that comes out that it is friendly for it fallacy actual to engage America in that it contains it clear the eye by is swelling its gall and the person of the whole nation feels indignant that tries to to pour the soup that confuses the spirit into the people that is China by it is fearing that it will when engage. 
Yi Zhongtian who gets to fame he for that him remarks about 3 countries who I respect always that but that I does not expect that him supports the big traitor Mao Yushi China actual by him is saying some the thing for example, him believes no human is any person who disrespect him that makes that I drops glasses my much that is again once that their talent and the thing that him learns cause. 
I feel ardent is the thing that segments the intellectual elite in China that becomes the traitor the increasingly, it becomes willful and it does not fear already and it harms the country public also about rumor the complete note about 100 countries celebrity that accepts the thing that Ford Foundation contributes politics in the internet before now short. 
But that I does not understand the amr-unknown thing that causes no one curbs him and he can continue the high position that he calls the wind, he rouses to rain and in the intelligentsia and the opinion the public moreover when this person remarks the thing the betrayal frequent. 
I feel that the part of the intellectual elite can sink with the media personality because contacts the newspaper the south that is fierce for temporary the short while of before now. 
I remember the just war US China before now more than 60 year and it threatens to that it uses the nucleus weapon it still. 
US enters Vietnam before now more than 40 year for containing China. 
Anyway it starts that it imposes the thing that sanctions on it again 22 year of before now, it bombs the country embassy 12 year of before now, to collide in South China Sea 10 year of before now and it restart that it contains it with the fanfare that is great 2 year of before now that it establishes the relation it China 32 year of before now. 
What do I understand what? ? 
What? 
The person does not improve that he is capable for that he remembers by he is losing big. We that is China is weak for this that is great possible. 
So to stand the force of the traitor China rampages and to run the fifth column rampantly to reasons also. 
Possible. We do not raise the traitor that is within the student in the primary school China. 
Possible. We do not raise the traitor that is within the student in the primary school China. 
To pass just through and to look. 
Passes through. 
I say that quite the thing that he says astonishes to Mr. Zhengqing. Can suspect the fragment of so the bare bone even if the fifth column is it. We should allow the opinion the different. The time differs really. That or does not benefit China regardless the democracy or pan occidentalism. Do not fear. What do you say? 
That quite the thing that he says astonishes to Mr. Zhengqing. Can suspect the fragment. Anyway so they is no bare bone even if they is the fifth column. 
We should allow that the opinion the different exists. The time differs really. That or does not benefit China regardless the democracy or pan occidentalism. Do not fear. What do you say? 
Japan little that is born to feces dog and the economy that is US the dead does not survive almost. They prepare they start the war and they pass on the debt to other. 
So the thing Doctrine of the Mean is China. 
We pay the thing that prices the painfully if we value that we makes the peace with the wolf great. 
Does the various power let we off if we act as the turtle? . The time that abolishes the culture troupe and the sport team. Use the fund to the front line defending. 
The great sport art nation can accomplish if looks at the sea in the territory with the smoke from the beacon fire everywhere up. 
The time that wakes up. Should amend to think wrong and the policy to decide of the high level. 
We should put that we make-an-effort on that we develops the science and the technology us. Beats we if leaves behind we. Use that expends on the military the limit to the commander, the soldier and in the front line. 
I say that Please it prove us by it is acting if we own Diaoyu Islands to the mister. 
Quotes the thing 277,703,234 that Xiao Jianjia posts on Saturday September 11, 2010 10:10:11 a.m.
So the possible thing Doctrine of the Mean is China. 
This is worth for to ponder this little. 
Needs to promote the good thing also. You access the internet of the high speed that means the product of the technology that is late for the lifetime free if you purchase the radar the flight from the factory once direct. To carry easy and stable, the high speed and also. You can have to access the internet of the high speed free in any location that you go with the radar the flight that is big equal. The smart person knows the thing that he enjoys the life good certain. I wish the happy life you and I thank you for that you finishes up that you reads. Contacts Qq514194237 (unintelligible). 
To love China my and you boycott good that is Japan. 
Not the government China is competent and to collapse it er or late. 
To give 500,000 elites soldier to me and I flatten Japan the year 1/2 of after now. 
The nobody says the good word about it, other bullies it as usual still and that regardless the thing that it exercises the forbearance to China. 
The veteran is my husband. He says to stand he frontline very war if the war. To die in the war field but to live with the degradation. 
We own Diaoyu Islands that is that right ?. Anyway some says to own they, some says to do not own they and now that to own they seems that is um! . The mess the bit. To do talk about the matter about the development the first? 
We do this that is again once. Listen carefully. What? . What? . What? 
Do you own of the oh! ? . Does he own? . It, you hurry you and say, you shout out own and it and you shout that you owns Diaoyu Islands. 
You see, you see, they start that they catches the person and of the ah! . To run fast, you do not shout anymore, you run and you beat any person who shouts again. 
Anyway you do not shout loudly and you discuss this matter with the gentleman that I asks that the person owns Diaoyu Islands again. 
Let that I explains that Diaoyu Islands does not exist ever the bit of the oh! . The misunderstanding, the misunderstanding, the misunderstanding, this and that is heh heh! 
To call it Senkaku Islands that is heh heh! , to call it it and to call it it. Causes that that the issue Diaoyu Islands does not exist anymore seems good good. 
Call they Senkaku Islands just. The cheer that that you solves the matter of the ah! that but no matter about Diaoyu about it with the wise causes. 
It is ended complete in the joyful harmonious friendly peaceful atmosphere. 
What shouts you go, you disperse about you all, to do not gather, you do not watch and anymore and to do not change the thing the nature the decision anymore the outside again? 
Not that is good. We can speak with not trustworthy such that we is the big responsible country causes. Important the override is develops the economy causes to let the matter and you do not mention it again. 
What? . You get you all to out that okays. You do not go that is that right ? you. To call tel: 110, you have to move the police plainclothes and that is uh! . To do not disperse about you still causes that to do not work it if I do not get the real weapon, the police that arms and the steel army seems that okays. Pull Third Artillery Troops in out if does not work it that you come on. Fire. 
To sweep from the floor, you sweep from it and because we clean about to for welcoming next dawn. 
Dammit! . The government that is Manchu charges still when it holds the kitchen knife. Now is unknown. The oh! . Does ZF my protest? . I believe no ordinary supporter that is Japan the damnation it. I say the hey to ZF. The time that wakes up you. All ordinary persons make the fist. 
First, to establish the fund the guarantee, to improve the environment, the mechanism and work and to recruit multiple the professional of 100,000 that emigrates to United States and around the world about the information technology that lingers on and to China to the back. 
Few the battles group of the aircraft carrier that the nucleus powers (2) are created. 
5,000 advanced aircraft for the combat of the various kind (3) are manufactured. 
(4) is accelerated to research the ballistic intercontinental missile of the high speed that ranges more than 10,000 nautical mile that breaks the system that defends from the missile possible and to deploy it. 
(5), to resume to experiment nucleus and to establish the military force in the space. 
(6), to retain 1,000 nuclei bomb that equals 10,000,000 ton of the trinitrotoluene and to install the nucleus warhead at the missiles that ranges short, the missiles that ranges the middle and all when the necessity. 
30 nuclei strategy capable that it inflicts that it strikes nucleus 3 the devastation upon the enemy submarine (7) are retained. 
(8) is abandoned to commit to to do not use the nucleus weapon the first. 
The right to strike the preemption (9) is retained when threatens the nation security. 
Anyway does that you think that very China is strong about the money real? that the time that you open your mouth does not matter much. 
Not the government is competent this point. 
To invade the sacred territory of China that means Diaoyu Islands, you occupy it, by you are defying the opinion the world and open. 
The country is China my that governs with the protocol. We do not want that we bothers us with that we argues with the country that resembles that small country. I say to disgust really to TMD. 
Support the person who starts the thread resolutely. I reply that I composes the poem. 
Pledge to that you fights for that you defends Diaoyu Islands and the island that relates to it by you are dying. 
Bumps the boat for fishing the fleet. The little evil ghost that is Japan stirs up the trouble and the unrest. They show his wolfish appearance again with the heart of the thief and the arrogance form. 
You do not go back to that time that we appear the humiliation it ever to the back. china is strong. The sword is sharp and the knife shine. Let's bury the enemy the approach. 
September 11, 2010. 
I agree that the person who starts the thread analyzes. Bumps up resolutely. I like to i is Hua Mulan for I protect my home and I defend my homeland, I spread the prestige of China my and I pledge to that I fights for to defend my nation dignity I die if the war comes real. 
I wish the bearing Long March passionate that upsurge that of Mao Zedong for I lose my head, I shed my blood, I extinguish all persons who wrongs China who he is my enemy complete and I spread my dragon prestige much. 
How long we tolerate Japan? 
I say to my fellow citizen. 
I say the hello to everyone. Anyway that Japan plans the incident another in the sea that means Lugou Bridge another in the sea that resembles it the premeditation now again that we all knows September 18th. 
Japan defies that the whole world condemns it the strength the surprisingly and to invade the sacred territory of my country that means Diaoyu Islands open. 
Diaoyu Islands belongs with China always that we all knows. The history reason causes that the thing that belongs with we original becomes the controversy. 
I say my thing is my thing and to what? to my fellow citizen. Causes that Japan goes further even that means that it wants that it creates the fact about the occupation. Do we allow this? . Not absolute. 
I say that the militarism of Japan brings the grave disaster the person that is Asia to my fellow citizen. 
China especially suffers from that Japan ravages it for several 1 decade long. 
Unit 731 that is Japan experiments on the person who lives that is China, the person the alive that is Korea and the person the alive of other country with the brutal extreme method of the human body cruelly in Northeast. nanjing Massacre adds the layer of the blood that does not fade ever to away from to the ancient city that is the capital. To battle big bloody in Hengyang and Changsha bares the bone of the person the dead over kilometer 1,000 and it kills off everything. 
I say too many of the instance about the heinous crime that Japan commits in China that records difficultly by is exhausting all strips of the bamboo the citation to my fellow citizen. 
Resembles 10,000,000 those souls that deceases that loses its life wander among over Pacific Ocean and it finds difficult is the rest with the peace just. 
So that all persons who experiences that era remembers it vividly still. My even generation of the young cries the tear that streams to the down in my cheek also, to boil my blood with the indignation and to turn we to this history page, we read it and any. 
That Japan wants that it reverses the verdict about the history of its aggression now actual causes to want wakes up the citizen, the person that is China in Asia and fellow. 
We must go that we faces it we although that we looks at 100 year this that ashame to the back pains us. Let's create the history, we choose it and although does not resolve the issue the history. 
Responsible causes that we does not fear. Anyway to relate it to the matter about the dignity small is the territory. The interest of the country and the nation unity guarantees honor that regardless the thing that changes the wind and the cloud. We do not let to separate my native land although scars it by is wounding it. 
I say to mean the advent that is the time that that difficult besets us the inside but the press from the outside for the nation that is China and we face many the things the challenge to my fellow citizen. 
We should go with the issue Taiwan, the issue Tibet, the issue South China Sea, the environment that surrounds or the foreign force that is aggressive to China the amr-unknown way. 
I say to what do do? to the fellow citizen. Please look at the world map and to encircle that shapes into the crescent suppresses that we breathes, to encircle strangles to develop we and to encircle covets my nation territory. 
Anyway that we does not fear him ever that we does not want that we makes the enemy we. Anyway that we does not fear it that we does not want the war. 
We arrange the arm, we strengthen all military force in the land, the sea and the air, urgently and we. 
Anyway that it does not have the ambition of it expands its territory to outward before ever that the nation that is China flourishes several for the multiple 1,000 year. 
That we does not impose the thing that we do not want on other person causes that we follows the strategy philosophy of the foreign security that applies the benevolence and the virtue. 
The tolerance, liberalness and of the country resemble it, liberalness and of the individual meaning anyway that we must insist on to do not hurt we that we avoids that we hurts other person. 
No fear certainly is the tolerance and the cowardice is the sincerity. 
That China exempts Japan from that it repairs war that World War II causes serves the benevolence peace. 
I say the history the condensation about the nation that is China that strives to to improve it the continually is People's Heroes Monument to my fellow citizen. 
The solemn magnificent posture represents to expect the peace sacred. 
That many the heroic tragic scenes about the spear that shines and the horse that armor the stirring springs up in my mind agitates the string of my memory of the thing the putative occasional. 
The thing that I think goes via that history page that yellows by is resembling that I sees Kangxi who contemplates the thing that he achieves that he unifies the territory alonely in their audience hall multiple before now of 100 year who rules over the generation the famous who is the emperor and Abraham Lincoln also who wanders among that the great hall is dark alone who thinks the integrity of the thing Union who is the president in U.S. formerly. 
Anyway dangerous is forgets the war certain peaceful in the world. I say anyway that we must exercise the forbearance by be wanting is blind ever we that we wants the development and the peace to my fellow citizen. boxer Protocol of to betray the nation and to humiliate it aggravates poor is China and backward is it modernly. To fall to the behind leads to to bully. 
Who does the peace come if not strong? 
We focus on to educate to defend the nation, we build up the great wall in the heart of 1,300,000,000 persons, we establish the capable it attacks and it defends system that ranges full that defends the nation and we. 
Defends the attack good. We strengthened the force that engages it in that we attacks that ranges long ultra possible and we improved capable the combat in all aerospace for the great distance deep great. To increase to invest in the industry defending and to construct it, you accelerate to modernize the military equipment and internationalize it, you establish the elite division of the high tech of the high quality and that premises on that you avoids to influence to develop the nation economy. 
The battle horn sounds about to, to equip the person already fully and he is ready for that he goes. 
That we accomplishes the nothing by the person is supporting us but that we is powerful all by he is supporting us. 
I say the time that we say no to other person to my fellow citizen. Causes that we must achieve we. 
First, to establish the fund the guarantee, to improve the work environment and the work mechanism and to recruit multiple the professional of 100,000 that emigrates to United States and around the world about the information technology that lingers on and to the back to China. 
Few the battles group of the aircraft carrier that the nucleus powers (2) are created. 
5,000 advanced aircraft for the combat of the various kind (3) are manufactured. 
(4) is accelerated to research the ballistic intercontinental missile of the high speed that ranges more than 10,000 nautical mile that breaks the system that defends from the missile possible and to deploy it. 
(5), to resume to experiment nucleus and to establish the military force in the space. 
(6), to retain 1,000 nuclei bomb that equals 10,000,000 ton of the trinitrotoluene and to install the nucleus warhead at the missiles that ranges short, the missiles that ranges the middle and all when needs install. 
30 nuclei strategy capable that it inflicts that it strikes nucleus 3 the devastation upon the enemy submarine (7) are retained. 
(8) is abandoned to commit you to to do not use the nucleus weapon the first. 
The right to strike the preemption (9) is retained when threatens the nation security. 
That we can strive to that we is strong if we are confident for us, we improve us and only to my fellow citizen. qin Shi Huang unifies China. zheng Chenggong recovers Taiwan. Must carry on with to see far, the insight, the strong will and of my predecessor we responsible we. 
To shake that piece of the land that trembles in far of that motherland embraces it, it moans, it calls and now. That let's carry the thing that the person who is the general previously wishes that does not fulfill to the forward by is moving we to the forward courageously to the fellow citizen. 
Simmers the heaviness, the anger and in my heart when I read the history into the nation concerns me. Anyway I will that I serves my country that I volunteer for motherland prospers and splendid is motherland that is again once and I do not regret even if that I dies the bearing to the cloth gown and I am within the common person. Adequate is I show my sincere patriotic heart the heaven. 
I compose the poem here with the classical form that is Ci for voicing that my heart aspires. 
Paint the red deep lip. 
Protect Diaoyu Islands. 
We lose Ryukyu Islands my with the bitter. 
We can allow that Diaoyu Islands falls to other country. 
100 year the vicissitude. 
The smoke and the cloud chase the wave the flight. 
The tender youth still is the brother of the young. 
To wander among all directions and to bear the seal. 
The flag is looked over. 
We brandish my weapon and we cross to the east. 
Let that the horse drinks from Pacific Ocean. 
June 26, 2002. 
Other article is title the book for the compatriot that is Taiwan that I have the thing that dreams, to need to build the memorial museum or the temple for the nation hero that is China, how long we tolerate it, anyway that it does not beg for Olympics ever that the country expects it, have condition more hardship history that we forgets the hardship of the history, i is the country person, 1 country nation, 1 country culture and only, the state can decline overdevelop the sport, the wealthy country and the person the strength or the wealthy official and the poor person, Ren Zhiqiang who disgusts shuts his filthy mouth, That prices the housing hateful. The person who pities possible, Google says no right it the not responsible thing that it remarks to it, how long we tolerate US, Japan deserves to that the opponent Ban Ki-Moon the bombing the strength presents the bouquet in Hiroshima, my brother and the sister I are strong, do we need the star that entertains of the low level or the talent that innovates the technology? and Please the writer Li Yinhe that does not shame the garbage the contemporary let to get off the child. 
What? 
What does the person that is China tolerate still? 
They ride my head even. 
Does the person that is China the gut do this still? 
We should tell that other does not bully China at will the whole world. 
The time that we show that we is strong. china is calm too long. 
Too carefree is all lives of my citizen the current. Too extravagant is the official. 
We do not have the cohesion now already. china needs that it starts the war. Slaps the face of the country that follows the rear of United States harsh. 
Let that they knows no panacea is US. It can increase that China influences if we win. To improve the citizen cohesion. We clean out the not competent bureaucrat, we make to get the trash to out and if we lose. Let China has the new blood and the update. It get China to up. 
China go. 
I suggest China strengthens that it guards Diaoyu Islands, it guards it every 1 day and it protects the fisherman and the sovereignty of my country. We fight for the war of the small scale that we defend us if Japan dares that it invades my territory with the force the military that regardless the thing the cost. china does not lose. 
That we needs the show in the life but p. (unintelligible) really is you show you that someone embraces. 
I pass by just. 
The whole society that the person who stars is within resembles this. 
Is damned not sexy. 
Does not accept it total. 
Agrees the just cheap entertainer. The sense the thing that reputes they in China feudal somewhat. 
That they lives looks like glorious. 
The group of 9 professions. 
The life is hard. 
The shock. 
That is normal. Heartless is the whore, not the performer is righteous and always. 
That they wants the money but that they does not want the face. 
Look at the near Ms. Fan wolf that has glasses. You know that he must drink with he the actress that to do not force he to out or to do not frame he even. 
son of a bitch
Okay as long as something the consumption loveliness. 
No one is easy. No one is easy. 
Somebody is all. 
The person who scores in the thing Imperial Examination the top in 360 all lives walk. So, to make-an-effort, to endeavor and the behind the person who scores in the thing Imperial Examination the top. This humiliates the word of the bean vermicelli. 
The haha! 
Overdoes. 
The reality. 
Shoot that hooligan. 
The cheap performer. 
The cheap performer. 
The circle entertaining is dirty. The bird, the beast, the scum and is all men in it. 
To pity they but to what do blame? . Not that female that stars is easy. 
Everybody does this. You can make the money if you do not this. 
That the woman prides when she is in the front other person but the melancholy mood is her when she stays in alone. 
The popular just person who he prostitutes the ancient time is the person who stars nowadays who puts with the plain. they is the person who he prostitutes the famous now causes that they drink with some the high official or they sleep with him even should be normal just. 
Stop that you talks about other person. Behave just. 
Should do the future us. No enough is capable alone for the successful. Do we face the hard such thing the choice too? 
Is disguised as that more suffers as to look like glorious that disputes possible. 
That they plays just in his circle by they are being out for the vision by they are being out for the mind causes that so not it is bad. 
But the old guy Zhang Jizhong that behaves with the hooligan in its circle that thinks virtuous is it with no talent also. He makes the television series when it has the nothing that does for wrecking the person of the whole country. 
Both takes the thing that both needs. 
When has China the pure innocent girl unknown? 
Very the story shocks now in the world entertaining. rumor to force Hsu Yuki to out that that he refuses to that he drinks with the guest that the company arranges causes and to must switch he to that he works on the assistant the lawyer for making that the end meets instead of he. 
The super person who envies much who stars encounters to engage social, the circumstance or that he does not welcome that he must join in or he often. 
Have to do with must decide many the aspects and the interest of many the persons causes that they does not decide on many the things after all. 
Not the very normal dinner party that seems to we of the ordinary person can be simple for the person who stars that that resembles that we imagines sometimes. 
The person who stars has to contract a lot and to roll that he source the money if he tackles well. To force to out or to frame even comes after her heel if not tack she well. 
2 kinds is the smart female that stars. That person of the first kind holds the very high integrity always and he rejects to invite such all with the stern. 
The person of the second kind is good for he plays the trick and he achieves their objective with their seed money. 
Is rumor that some the even super female that stars wins her first role with this way. 
The chance the advertiser or the person who sponsors the show or lies in the shoulder of the female that stars, or feels its chin or or kisses its cheek after that or drinks some the alcohol and it adopts the attitude enduring. 
They is the very person 9 low professions. 
That person who stars pretends just and he lives the good life that damns! actual than this. 
Agrees the just cheap entertainer. The sense the thing that reputes they in China feudal somewhat. 
The agreement. 
Not the actress is easy that is oh well! 
They deserve to it. They ask to that. 
That the nothing is easy dawns on me. 
